Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"Let’s be clear:

If Republicans win the House, Senate and White House in two years, they’ll pass a national abortion ban. They’ve said so.

No matter where you live, women and doctors will be under threat. As will our core rights.

We can’t let that happen. And we won’t."
1,"The Roe decision is disastrous. For women’s health, the right to privacy, and our future. But we don’t have the luxury of despair.

Action is the only answer. We must codify Roe.

And replace anti-choice legislators with ones who will fight to protect our rights, not repeal them."
2,"Sickened by the Court’s decision to overturn Roe.

Republicans appointed partisan justices to do exactly this.

To roll back the clock on women’s rights — and force an extreme social agenda on a country that doesn’t want it.

We must act or we will lose one right after another."
3,RT @MeidasTouch: Wow. Every American need to watch Adam Schiff's closing statement. Every single second of it. https://t.co/XZLRb3436g
4,"RT @thereidout: .@RepAdamSchiff: ""What Jeffrey Clark was proposing wasn't to investigate fraud. It was to really perpetrate a fraud, becaus…"
5,"RT @NPR: American democracy is more vulnerable today than it was on January 6 because the ""big lie"" that Donald Trump won the 2020 election…"
6,"Marched in the LA Pride parade to celebrate love and acceptance.

It has never been more important that we stand, not just as allies, but in action against attempts to chip away at the rights of LGBTQ+ people. 

Love is love. 

Happy Pride! 🏳️‍🌈 🏳️‍🌈 https://t.co/16WTS0894e"
7,"RT @colbertlateshow: Join us tonight when Rep. @AdamSchiff tells @StephenAtHome to expect to learn ""a great many things that are not in the…"
8,"The @PeabodyAwards honors journalists whose outstanding reporting brings us the truth.

I am honored to present @LisaDNews &amp; @NewsHour with the Peabody Award for their courageous coverage of the Jan 6 attack against our democracy.

Congratulations to PBS News and all awardees! https://t.co/FfBtFFJoJK"
9,"California! Los Angeles! Voters are voting!

There’s so much at stake right now.

Rising prices. Choice. Gun safety. Universal health care. A Green New Deal.

So go, VOTE! https://t.co/tvoQRQbtSr"
10,"🚨 Los Angeles — have you voted? 🚨

@KarenBassLA is THE progressive choice for mayor and a lifelong Democrat.

She's the only one with the experience to lead us forward on health care, homelessness, building an equitable economy.

She deserves your support. Vote Bass by Tuesday! https://t.co/UtaHhBEKXL"
11,"RT @FaceTheNation: Should President Biden go to Saudi Arabia and meet with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman? “In my view, no. I wouldn't go…"
12,"RT @FaceTheNation: Rep. Schiff, Jan 6 committee member, on what is important about this week’s hearing: “The public hasn't seen it woven to…"
13,"RT @latimes: .@RepAdamSchiff: ""Altogether, the five oil giants have amassed 300% more in profits this year than they did this time last yea…"
14,RT @POTUS: We should repeal the liability shield that often protects gun manufacturers from being sued for the death and destruction caused…
15,RT @NoLieWithBTC: NEW: Adam Schiff (D-CA) just introduced a bill to suspend the federal gas tax and pay for it by taxing big oil companies’…
16,"I'm so tired of all the moments of silence.

I'm so tired of all the BS after each mass shooting.

I'm so tired. And so are millions of Americans.

Republicans need to stop cowering.

And do something. Or get the hell out of the way.

Enough."
17,"RT @DeadlineWH: ""[Trump's] the author and the architect of this plan to overturn the election, of this coup attempt masquerading as a legal…"
18,"Here’s some good news:

The Senate *finally* confirmed President Biden’s two picks for the Postal Service Board of Governors.

But here’s the even better news:

They can finally fire Trump’s Postmaster General, Louis DeJoy. And roll back his most dangerous cuts."
19,"On Friday, there was a mass shooting in Milwaukee.

On Saturday, there was a mass shooting in Buffalo.

Yesterday? Mass shootings in Houston and Orange County.

This is the new normal. Made possible by the GOP blocking any action on gun safety.

Their cowardice kills."
20,"I’m here to stand with you. In solidarity. Today and every day.

To fight to protect your rights. To protect Roe. To ensure that abortion access is codified into law.

Because while I’m not surprised by this right-wing Court, I’m horrified.

We won’t go back. 

We. Must. Act. https://t.co/Xn3RRs3VII"
21,"California voters:

The primary is in less than one month!

If you're a registered voter, you will get a ballot in your mailbox. And if you're not registered, you still can.

Vote before June 7!"
22,"I don't need to tell you what a disaster Greg Abbott had been for Texas.

He’s vehemently anti-choice and anti-immigrant. All he cares about is Fox News attention.

Beto can win this race. He really can. We need to get behind him in Texas.

Chip in here: https://t.co/5BtyeqbPIw"
23,"A very happy Mother’s Day to all moms, but most especially my beautiful and brilliant wife, Eve! https://t.co/ebDUJtf3J8"
24,"There are a only few races that could determine who controls the Senate.

None more so than @TimRyan in Ohio.

He’s up against a Trump-endorsed, anti-choice extremist — J.D. Vance.

Can you help him flip this Senate seat? https://t.co/7r0C1ZWq6Y"
25,"RT @CBSNews: Rep. Adam Schiff on why he has called for the Supreme Court to be expanded: ""I think the court is now the most unrepresentativ…"
26,"A woman’s right to choose is not up for debate.

A woman’s right to make her own health care decisions is not up for debate.

We can’t go back. We must not go back. We won’t go back.

This must not stand."
27,"RT @Elex_Michaelson: .@AdamSchiff's book ""Midnight in Washington"" won the top prize for current interest @latimesfob. 

""I've always enjoye…"
28,"The problem isn’t McCarthy’s lies. He’s always done that. 

It isn’t his refusal to discipline Republicans espousing violence or hanging with white nationalists. Heinous, but par for the course.

The problem is that his immorality is a prerequisite for leadership in Trump’s GOP."
29,RT @MaddowBlog: Rep. Schiff on Republican members of Congress advocating for Donald Trump to overturn the 2020 election and declare martial…
30,"RT @latimesfob: And finally, the @latimes Book Prize for Current Interest goes to...

@RepAdamSchiff for ""Midnight in Washington: How We Al…"
31,"Today, we remember the 1.5 million Armenian men, women and children murdered in the first genocide of the 20th Century.

The Armenian Genocide.

More than that: we must defend Armenia and Artsakh from a new threat of annihilation.

We must act. https://t.co/7QrLRstjW5"
32,"RT @thereidout: .@RepAdamSchiff on #MarjorieTaylorGreene: ""It's hard to imagine if you were calling for the imposition of martial law to ov…"
33,"Anyone in Congress who has dealt with Kevin McCarthy has a story about him lying to them. It’s who he is. 

Here’s mine: https://t.co/AziM5k9yG8"
34,RT @MalloryMcMorrow: Senator Lana Theis accused me by name of grooming and sexualizing children in an attempt to marginalize me for standin…
35,"To all those celebrating, wishing you and your family a blessed and healthy Easter!"
36,"I’m honored to receive an endorsement from @CaliforniaLabor.

Labor helped build a better America. And labor will continue to lead the way in the fight for better paid time off, health benefits, and so much more.

When it comes to working families, nothing works like labor."
37,"Mitch McConnell was recently asked if he had any moral red lines. 

He clearly didn’t appreciate the question.

Asked about his condemnation of Trump after Jan 6, and his rapid about-face, he struggled for an answer.

Watch for yourself, and tell me if you can see any such lines: https://t.co/Fceupvp5it"
38,"RT @NewsHour: ""I am concerned that, in a desire to maintain a position above the fray, credible allegations of illegality ... may not be un…"
39,"I just introduced a Constitutional Amendment to overturn the Supreme Court’s Citizens United ruling.

Our elections must be free from unrestrained dark money spending by mega-wealthy donors and corporations.

We must protect the voice of the American voter. https://t.co/BYPGnZq3ah"
40,"Before Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson was nominated to the Supreme Court, no Justice has been a…

- Supreme Court clerk
- Public defender
- Sentencing Commission member
- District judge 
- AND Court of Appeals judge

How’s that for extremely well qualified?"
41,"Trump's former Chief of Staff potentially cast an illegal vote in 2020, at a mobile home where he never lived.

The hypocrisy grabs you by the throat. Especially while the GOP has been waging an assault on voting rights.

 No massive fraud — except Meadows himself."
42,"My message to California Democrats was loud and clear:

The fight for democracy, for civil rights, and for progress is our fight. And the path to protecting our majorities in Congress runs through the Golden State.

And we will lead the way. https://t.co/NReGPZDTAo"
43,@Eleven_Films Incredible work and congratulations on such a milestone!
44,"@natsechobbyist @AVindman Rachel, it was truly an honor to speak with your husband today. And at such an important time. I am in awe of his service to the country. Truly, because of public servants like him, here right still matters."
45,RT @CNN: “We want to make sure we don't get in a shooting war ourselves with the Russians.” @RepAdamSchiff talks to CNN’s @jaketapper about…
46,"There is a good-faith basis to conclude that the former president and his campaign may have violated federal law.

The Justice Department ought to be looking at these issues and investigate.

No one is above the law, not even an ex-president. https://t.co/poinCV5ehh"
47,"RT @FaceTheNation: “We’d like to act on it very quickly,” @RepAdamSchiff tells @margbrennan of any plan to halt US imports of Russian oil.…"
48,"RT @atrupar: Schiff on CBS says he thinks DOJ should be investigating ""to give one very graphic example, the former POTUS on the phone w/ t…"
49,"RT @CarlosLozadaWP: .@AdamSchiff's recent book, MIDNIGHT IN WASHINGTON, is well worth the read. He says there were two insurrections -- one…"
50,"RT @DeadlineWH: ""There’s a lot in plain view already that I believe merits investigation, and not just by us in Congress, but by the Depart…"
51,"RT @changinghands: TONIGHT @ 7pm/9ET — A virtual evening with Congressman @AdamSchiff. In conversation with @ronaldjhansen, he’ll discuss h…"
52,"I mentioned my father quite a few times in my book, and so many of you have asked how he’s doing. 

Well, I think this sums it up. 

94 does look pretty good on you. Happy Birthday, Dad! https://t.co/l6ywgPseJa"
53,".@SenRonJohnson is clearly confused:

It was Trump who withheld military aid from Ukraine. It was Trump who demanded a “favor” from Zelenskyy in exchange for the aid. It was Trump who weakened Ukraine. And it was Senator Johnson who voted to acquit.

Sit this one out, Senator. https://t.co/TSS7UvpJoY"
54,RT @TheSundayShow: “If he were President today he would view Ukraine as a disposable tool in his hand to better himself with Putin who he s…
55,"A budding democracy on your border is never a justification for war. 

But for Putin, an autocrat terrified his people want more than dictatorship, Ukraine is a threat. 

If Ukraine can enjoy a vibrant democracy, why can’t the people of Russia?

I pray that one day, they will."
56,"House Democrats passed the America Competes Act. 

To invest in science and technology. 

To bring semi-conductor and other critical manufacturing back home. 

And to attack inflation. 

Republicans voted no. They would risk America failing, if they can succeed."
57,"Let’s not forget: 

We must pass voting rights legislation.

Just because the news cycle moved on doesn’t mean the fight is over.

Our right to vote is foundational. We must do everything to protect it. 

At the state and local level — and in Congress."
58,"To my amazing wife of almost 27 years, through thick and thin – happy Valentine's Day, Eve. https://t.co/xJHhKju5nP"
59,"I grew up a Raiders fan – and still am. But today, I'm rooting for my home team. 

Go Rams!"
60,RT @Acyn: Schiff: The classified allegation is much more serious… that is Donald Trump brought to Mar-a-Lago in an unsecure location in box…
61,"In the last few days, Trump has:

Falsely claimed voter fraud in 2020.

Said Hillary and I made up Russia’s 2016 interference.

And called me a watermelon head. But he also said “respectfully.”

He may not be on social media, but he’s still feeding his base lies and vitriol."
62,"The GOP claims to be a party of ""fiscal responsibility"" — yet spent $200 million on a failed recall campaign.

That lost by 20 points.

That money could have been invested in: Jobs. Health care. Housing. Green energy. All in California.

What a waste."
63,RT @RoKhanna: .⁦@AdamSchiff⁩ has written a masterpiece that will be a part of the American historical cannon. He’s a true public intellectu…
64,"When the President nominates a qualified person for the Supreme Court, Democrats must see them confirmed.

Period.

Mitch McConnell has no qualms about blocking nominees, or ramming through his picks.

Balance must be restored. And that must start now."
65,"RT @TeamPelosi: Nothing less than our Democracy is at stake. When it comes to finding hope, @AdamSchiff and I agree: we believe in the good…"
66,RT @Liz_Cheney: A former Speaker of the House is threatening jail time for members of Congress who are investigating the violent January 6…
67,"RT @TheLastWord: WATCH: @RepAdamSchiff, answering a question @Maddow suggested to @Lawrence, says the outtakes of Trump's Jan. 6 video to t…"
68,"RT @NoLieWithBTC: .@RepAdamSchiff: Sinema &amp; Manchin ""have a vision of the Senate that no longer exists as some institution in which McConne…"
69,"The filibuster doesn't foster bipartisan compromise. It just allows minority rule.

And Senators can either recognize that very simple fact, or get out of the way.

End the filibuster. Save the right to vote. Protect our democracy."
70,RT @WelchForVT: Honored to have the endorsement of this group of leaders who have been on the front lines of the fight for the future of Am…
71,"Today, we honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, and reflect on the difficulty of the struggle for equality.

If progress sometimes moves two steps forward and one step back, the last several years have been a backward step.

Time to move forward again. 

With voting rights."
72,"RT @JasonCrowCO: Glad to join my friend @AdamSchiff at @TatteredCover talking about his new book 'Midnight in Washington.'
 
As Impeachment…"
73,"RT @OfficialJLD: This is an important book written by my Congressman @RepAdamSchiff 

Please buy it, please read it. A year after the event…"
74,"The House passed the Freedom to Vote Act.

Now, the Senate must carve out voting rights, or eliminate the filibuster to get it done.

Voting is foundational to our democracy. Remove the foundation and everything else crumbles.

We must get this done. Our democracy depends on it. https://t.co/o4Uilt3iw1"
75,RT @tedlieu: It is an honor to serve with Rep @AdamSchiff in Congress. As a Member on one of the committees investigating the first impeach…
76,"Nothing is more important than the fight over the right to vote.

Not this policy or that. 

Not this majority or that. 
 
And certainly not the filibuster.

Lose the right to vote, and we lose our democracy. 

Anything left then, wouldn’t be worth fighting over."
77,"RT @allinwithchris: .@RepAdamSchiff on Rep. Jim Jordan refusing to cooperate with the Jan. 6 probe:

“I assume that he reached the conclusi…"
78,RT @HamillHimself: Essential reading from one of the most courageous voices in Congress. @RepAdamSchiff's #1 NYT bestselling book Midnight…
79,"It’s been a couple months since my book, Midnight in Washington, came out. 

And I would be very interested in your thoughts. 

If you haven’t read it yet, I hope you will find a comfortable spot this weekend and give it a try. 

You can order a copy here: https://t.co/RQO56ZovW4 https://t.co/Npnmeutj04"
80,"RT @BarbraStreisand: One year after the terrible events of January 6th, the former president and his enablers are still trying to revise hi…"
81,RT @BLeeForCongress: I was on the House floor in the midst of the horrific coup attempt on Jan. 6 that threatened the essence of our democr…
82,"Midnight is the darkest moment of the day, everywhere in the world.
 
But it is also the most hopeful because what comes after holds the promise of light.
 
America has a genius for reinvention, and we must use it.
 
Right matters. Truth matters. Democracy matters."
83,"The danger didn't end on January 6. 
 
We fortified the defenses of the Capitol, but we cannot guard our democracy against those who have taken an oath to uphold our Constitution, but refuse to do so.
 
You cannot love our country, and lie about its elections."
84,"RT @tribelaw: I remember watching in horror as the events of January 6th unfolded. A year later, after reading @AdamSchiff’s #1 NYT bestsel…"
85,"Nothing moves faster in our community and country than the digital landscape. And too many are left behind.

Looking forward to reading my friend @RoKhanna's book on how we can make the digital economy work for everyone.

I just pre-ordered it: https://t.co/CQhe0ISp2R"
86,"Democrats passed major relief that sparked unprecedented growth for our economy.

Six million new jobs. Record unemployment. All for working families.

And we did it with ZERO Republican votes.

Democrats deliver.

Come November, we must remind voters of that simple fact."
87,"Thanks for always standing with me, and having my back. 

Let’s go out there, and let’s win. 

If you can, please consider pitching in $5 today to help my campaign have a really big day for our re-election announcement.

Always grateful for your support.
https://t.co/Mhhdhkh7Gc"
88,"I’m running for re-election.

Why?

To help bring an end to the pandemic and make sure the economy works for everyone. 

And to save our democracy. 

My work in Congress isn’t done. Far from it. https://t.co/snPREoAsuL"
89,"This year began with so much darkness, but throughout the difficulties, we've seen plenty of reason for hope.

In 2022, I want to wish you good health and much joy.

And a very happy New Year from my family to yours!"
90,RT @RobertGarcia: I’m really honored to have the full support of Congressman @AdamSchiff. His steadfast love of country and his defense of…
91,"Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from a pair of empty nesters!

— Adam and Eve https://t.co/kVZvVfZigs"
92,RT @tellmewithep: A new episode is out now! Get ready for Tell Me with @EllenPompeo and @RepAdamSchiff. They discuss staying optimistic in…
93,"Here’s what drives me:

I want to help people.

On childcare. On climate. On education. On health care.

Letting the child tax credit expire doesn’t make sense. Neither does killing President Biden’s agenda.

Let’s help people. Not hurt them. Especially right before Christmas."
94,"The right to vote is foundational — the right upon which all others must rest.

Destroy the foundation, and the walls of our democracy come crumbling down.

We must protect the vote. And end the filibuster to do so.

Before it's too late."
95,"Mark Meadows has demonstrated his contempt for Congress, and the public's need to know about Jan 6.

And now he has been held in contempt.

He should be prosecuted like any other miscreant who believes the law doesn’t apply to them.

Because no one is above the law."
96,"RT @atrupar: Schiff reads texts from Republican lawmakers to Meadows, including one on January 7 that said, ""We tried everything we could i…"
97,"When I started writing Midnight in Washington, I wanted to tell the story of how our democracy became so imperiled.

But also how we can succeed in protecting it.

I've been blown away by the response. 

Thanks to you, it became a #1 bestseller.

https://t.co/RQO56ZovW4 https://t.co/MmWoAgU75E"
98,"When you’re on stage with the master of the selfie, what else is there to do?

Thanks to @ewarren for being such a progressive champion and for sitting down to talk about Midnight in Washington.

And to those from Brookline who came out to spend time with one of MA’s native sons! https://t.co/hkHgM6WfSi"
99,"RT @Acyn: Comer: Are you aware of President Biden’s son, Hunter’s art dealings?
Schiff: I am aware of President Trump’s son meeting secretl…"
