Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"We will keep Cincinnatians updated as this work continues, and we will not stop fighting on behalf of the women of our city."
1,"…It’s my job to make that harder.  And with today’s announcements, we are fighting back."
2,"Our Supreme Court, Congress, and State legislature have failed us.  Local officials must do whatever we can to protect the women of our communities.  It is not my job to make it easier for the
state legislature and governor to drag women back to the 50’s and strip their
rights…"
3,I have asked the Administration to prioritize police resources to protect the health and safety of women and medical care providers. It is not a good use of law enforcement resources to investigate and prosecute doctors and women who are engaged in personal healthcare decisions.
4,"I have directed our Administration to provide a report, within 30 days, exploring opportunities to decriminalize abortion in Cincinnati."
5,"While these new policies are crucial steps for the protection of our employees and their families, we are
committed to doing everything we can to support the autonomy, equality, and reproductive health of every Cincinnatian."
6,"I also want to be clear that the City’s travel reimbursement policy will not only cover travel for abortion-related services. This is about making sure our City employees have access to any eligible medical care that isn’t available here, regardless of future statewide laws."
7,"This is an HR measure that many of our biggest companies, both locally and throughout the country, have implemented – Kroger has a travel reimbursement for reproductive healthcare, and I want to thank them for standing up and acting as faithful stewards of our city’s values."
8,"This policy will provide for the reimbursement of employee costs associated with travel to receive healthcare services that are not available within 150 miles, and not covered under the City’s health plan."
9,"On top of this update to our coverage, to ensure City employees and their families face as few barriers as possible to receiving the care they need, Interim City Manager Curp will institute a comprehensive travel reimbursement policy."
10,"This will be voted on during Wednesday’s Council session, and upon repeal, Interim City Manager Curp will change the City’s health insurance plan to fully include abortion-related health services."
11,"First, this morning, I am introducing legislation to repeal a 2001 ordinance that currently restricts the City’s ability to cover elective abortions in its health plan."
12,"Today, I’m joined by Interim City Manager John Curp, our City Councilmembers, and Kersha Deibel with Planned Parenthood Southwest Ohio – to announce new City policies to protect women and their families and ensure they have access to the medical care they need."
13,"To the thousands of women in our city who are terrified, confused, and angry right now—I say this:  you are not alone.  And Cincinnati is going to fight like hell for you."
14,"Cincinnati and its local government profoundly, unabashedly, and unequivocally support a woman’s right to choose – and we will do everything in our power to preserve that right."
15,"History will judge those who have had a hand in this. And as we work to grow our City, like cities throughout Ohio are doing, companies will be watching and making decisions based on what states respect women."
16,"Residents in Cincinnati will not have easy access to the medical support they need, putting lives at risk – and this will disproportionately harm Black and Brown women, as well as those without the resources to travel long-distances for care."
17,"And in states like Ohio, that’s what we’ve already seen. Because of the shameful actions of State Legislators, our Attorney General, and our Governor, abortions in Ohio are now illegal after 6 weeks, before many women and even girls know they’re pregnant."
18,"Women today have fewer rights than their mothers and grandmothers. The Court has lost legitimacy and respect, they’ve gone against history and the will of a majority of Americans, and they’ve allowed the creation of policies that will cause immeasurable devastation and harm."
19,"In overturning Roe v. Wade, in removing the constitutional right to reproductive healthcare, an unelected body is holding women hostage and taking away their autonomy over their own bodies."
20,"On Friday, June 24, the Supreme Court delivered the most severe and oppressive reversal of human rights in a generation."
21,"Today, alongside City Manager John Curp, our City Councilmembers, and officials with Planned Parenthood, I am announcing new City policies to protect employees &amp; their families and ensure they have access to the medical care they need. Follow the next thread for our action plans https://t.co/8zgRZNYVo0"
22,They were dope!🔥🔥🔥 https://t.co/Pkp9zpSVtJ
23,"Alongside @CMReggieHarris, I declared June 2022 Pride Month in Cincinnati! We are honored to celebrate with you all! Thank you Councilmember Harris for being such an inspiring advocate for LGBTQIA+ equality and inclusion. We are so grateful for your hard work and leadership! https://t.co/l8lKd4X33B"
24,"A wonderful afternoon spending time with @mypnaa and a stop at Cincinnati Polo Club to support the Directing Adolescent Development Initiative! 

Thank you for helping make our region one that equips our diverse Greater Cincinnatians with the tools to make an impact! https://t.co/uwEUMvPW9q"
25,"RT @VoteLandsman: Happy #Pride, Cincinnati! We love you, and we’re so glad you’re here. 🙏🏻💙 https://t.co/BWuG9LIUDs"
26,"Happy #pride Cincinnati! What a beautiful day to celebrate our LGBTQIA+ community. Thank you all for bringing the energy, and here’s to a great Pride! https://t.co/H7jFPV1nKa"
27,"The Supreme Court just stripped away the fundamental right to reproductive health care. They turned their backs on generations of progress and sacrifice. 

We won’t stand for this, and we’re going to fight like hell."
28,"On behalf of the City of Cincinnati, I want to sincerely thank the Biden-Harris Administration for helping cities and their residents stay afloat throughout this entire pandemic – our forward progress from here only happens because of their support."
29,"Without federal support, we would have an $18.7 million operating budget deficit. Not only is federal support helping us remain whole during an unprecedented time, but it’s giving us a once in a generation opportunity to make an historic investment in our future."
30,I can’t overstate the fact that Cincinnati would not be in a position to put forward such a strong budget if it weren’t for the support of @POTUS and this White House.
31,"Today, Council unanimously passed a budget that will help our City chart a bold new course of equitable growth. I’m incredibly grateful for all the City leaders and community members who helped shape this process, and we can’t wait to continue our work. https://t.co/BfIo6eFuN8"
32,Thank you to the Rotary Club of Cincinnati for inviting me to speak at your meeting! I appreciate all the work you do to support our community and the various organizations within it. https://t.co/e8SSUCoB5h
33,"Thank you to the Ohio Chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations for visiting City Hall today. These students with the CAIR-Ohio Summer Internship Development Program asked such insightful, meaningful questions. Your futures are very bright! https://t.co/bpb1aNn65D"
34,"Continuing former Mayor Mark Mallory’s tradition, ‘Operation Hospitality’— An inspiring and productive discussion with various community leaders ahead of the Cincinnati Music Festival. It’s our goal to ensure visitors and residents have a fun, vibrant and welcoming experience! https://t.co/A2c3lqfEIZ"
35,"We have to keep our history at the top of our minds if we are going to do what it takes to put an end to anti-Asian hate. We can never stop fighting for everyone’s right to peacefully exist, to be accepted for who they are and to live free from fear."
36,"In Cincinnati, 40 years after this tragedy, we have elected the first Asian American Mayor in our city’s history. 

And yet, here in our city and across the country, AAPIs are still attacked. Racist violence is a reality we have to face every day."
37,"From this inexcusable injustice, major progress has come — for victims’ rights and for hate crime legislation. Advocates and leaders have worked to better protect people from racist violence and to ensure that justice is served."
38,"40 years ago, Vincent Chin was killed for being an Asian American in public. A Cincinnati jury refused to punish a killer for a hate crime. https://t.co/f1XoKwokK9"
39,"If you work for our City, and you want to continue building your skills and furthering your career, we want you to know that we are here to support you."
40,"Our City employees, just like employees in Northern Kentucky, work hard every day to provide the public services we all depend on. And our core focus with this partnership is to make sure we are doing everything in our power to support them. https://t.co/RdRdQLMuCJ"
41,"Happy to be announcing an exciting partnership with @nkuedu, @cityofcincy, @covingtonkygov, and @NKADD_CommDev, allowing employees of these agencies to take classes in the NKU MPA program for a 30 percent reduced rate on tuition. https://t.co/tQv6kwoXVr"
42,"A strong, experienced ATF leader is essential to combating the rise in gun violence plaguing our nation. I proudly join @usmayors and mayors across the country in urging the Senate to confirm ATF nominee Steve Dettelbach this week.  https://t.co/XmM1zyBCKN"
43,RT @CMReggieHarris: Housing is our single greatest tool to achieve our vision for Cincinnati. Thanks to @AftabPureval for your work on this…
44,"INSIDE THE HOUSING SUMMIT

Everyone deserves access to businesses, schools, public spaces and neighborhood resources that support a quality of life. 
 
Watch the full version of the video here: https://t.co/dFjg1LS2Ca. 

Thank you @CMReggieHarris for your hard work on this effort https://t.co/QeMqwFS7J6"
45,"And many thanks to the @ULGSO for celebrating and promoting black business. A fun, informative event today with so many community partners. For more information, be sure to visit https://t.co/HTZRXVgtio https://t.co/J7imquzlie"
46,So great seeing you all out and about for Cincinnati’s #juneteenth2022 Parade this morning! https://t.co/Ig6nZBsEs8
47,"To all the fathers and father-figures, I’m wishing you a Happy Father’s Day! Raising our boys alongside Whitney has been the most incredible experience of my life. 

Here’s to the years to come. https://t.co/0ImHwUqKHB"
48,"As we celebrate this #Juneteenth and recognize the emancipation of enslaved Black Americans, we also reflect on generations of sacrifice, struggle, and perseverance that have brought us to today. 

We will continue to move forward because of the people who stand up for progress."
49,A beautiful day attending the 35th annual Juneteenth Festival here in Cincinnati! Thank you Lydia Morgan for your dedication to bringing the community together for this event each and every year. https://t.co/JtxIcwrx2F
50,Had a great time attending the Emerging Multicultural Leadership Experience hosted by the @CincinnatiYMCA. Discussions focused on how we as a community can mobilize excellence and support diverse leaders of today and tomorrow. https://t.co/Gsecm7Av3P
51,Many thanks to everyone who attended the third annual Juneteenth flag raising at City Hall. It is crucial that we honor and reflect on such an important day in our country’s history. https://t.co/SJTxet6tCI
52,I am looking forward to seeing our residents and visitors interact with these kiosks to connect with our great City.
53,"I'm excited to celebrate smart technology coming to our City streets! Up to 30 IKE kiosks will be installed on sidewalks throughout downtown, helping residents find local businesses, nearby jobs, and access real-time transit info to improve navigation throughout Cincinnati. https://t.co/ueNxMIFoZY"
54,"RT @CityOfCincy: City offices will be closed on Monday, June 20th in observance and celebration of Juneteenth. While offices are closed, yo…"
55,"A great discussion of our collective climate priorities at the Midwest Regional Sustainability Summit. Thanks to @GreenUmbrella and all the organizations who supported this, and shoutout to Mayor @sharettaforlima for coming down to talk about the importance of collaboration! https://t.co/OtpEsB5kQF"
56,"Happening tomorrow! This is such a great way to engage students in a local effort to improve pedestrian safety. Thank you @jeffreysms, Rockdale Academy, Devou Good Foundation and @CityOfCincy DOTE for your work on this. https://t.co/8t7mNZDDRB"
57,"Thanks to all who came to the @taftmuseum Bicentennial Project Ribbon Cutting! 

For 90 years, this museum has been at the heart of the arts and history that makes Cincinnati so special. We can’t wait for another century! https://t.co/4YqOiErGFV"
58,"RT @Victoria4Cincy: Today, Council voted to recognize Juneteenth as a city holiday.

Juneteenth is a day to celebrate in the face of sorrow…"
59,"This afternoon, Cincinnati City Council approved a plan to declare Juneteenth a City and Federal Holiday. This is long overdue, and I’m grateful for Council’s support in ensuring we all recognize and honor Juneteenth’s significance in our country. https://t.co/Bq7Th19nqq"
60,"This is what leadership looks like. @JoeyB is loved and followed by so many of us for how he represents our city on the field, and he continues to use his powerful voice for good. 

Our quarterback stands with Cincinnatians in demanding action on gun violence. https://t.co/Pgt2O9UT1F"
61,"Our cities have unique needs, unique challenges, and in order to do everything we can to protect our residents, we need lawmakers in Columbus to empower us to do what we’ve been elected to do."
62,"When it comes to these measures – to our inability to limit magazine capacity in our cities, to the harm caused to our cities by statewide decisions to put more permitless guns on the streets and in our schools, we are asking to be able to do what our communities are begging for."
63,And measures like this aren’t just important for preventing the unacceptable mass shootings we’ve seen around the nation. Research shows they can have a significant impact on preventing suicide and self-harm. We can do something that evidence shows makes a difference.
64,"Due to state law, cities in Ohio also do not have the ability to pass safe storage laws. When you own a deadly weapon, your local government should have the ability to require steps to keep it out of the hands of children or those around you who are at risk."
65,"They can temporarily remove lethal weapons during a critical moment, before a tragedy occurs. Cities in nearly have of US states have this option – it has bipartisan support in red states and blue states. But due to the broad preemption in Ohio, we do not."
66,Extreme Risk Protection Orders give concerned family members or law enforcement the ability to take legal action to get guns out of the hands of someone who poses an extreme risk to themselves or others.
67,There are important and effective prevention options that cities in Ohio do not have access to.
68,"Maybe law enforcement had tried to intervene with the authority available to them. But too often, we’re able to look back and see patterns – patterns that with the right authority, we could have addressed, and yet these perpetrators of violence still had access to a deadly weapon"
69,"One trend we see, again and again in these senseless tragedies, is that there is a pattern of behavior leading up to it. Maybe friends and family were aware of signs of trouble, and they’d raised flags or sought resources."
70,"But with our hands tied, we are held back from doing what the research, and the countless victims and advocates out there, understand is needed. And that’s why we’re here today."
71,"So we can’t wait around for the debates and egos in Columbus, in Washington, to run their course. People are dying on our streets, in our schools, in our grocery stores, and it’s our sworn duty to take action to prevent that."
72,"Every day, we see in our cities the tragedy that stems from the universal accessibility of guns. From the fact that, because of the unchecked prevalence of deadly weapons, conflicts that would have been resolved by a fistfight a few decades ago now end in death."
73,Local governments are pleading. Pleading with the federal government and pleading with the state legislature – to be allowed to implement the common-sense tools to keep their communities safe.
74,"Today, I am joining Mayors from around Ohio to urge federal and state lawmakers to give us the tools to keep residents safe from gun violence. We don’t have time for more talk. We need preventative measures, right now. Follow the next thread for my thoughts and input. https://t.co/u0dwxaB5Bg"
75,"What an incredible turnout for today’s Housing Summit in East Price Hill! @ReggieForCincy, City Staff and various organizations worked tirelessly to put it  together. Engaging in these discussions is essential to overcoming the challenges we face and creating an equitable future. https://t.co/scACmYB9i2"
76,"I had a blast attending the @usmayors PLAY BALL initiative today, encouraging  participation in baseball and softball for our children! It is so important to invest in our kids, and we all benefit when our communities and cities work together to reach that goal. @PlayBall @Reds https://t.co/O8ARpIUBye"
77,RT @becca_costello: Mayor @AftabPureval was on @MorningEdition on @NPR this morning to talk about gun violence and gun laws proposed/passed…
78,"Our budget is about the future — and I was thrilled to sit down with leadership from @CincinnatiPort and @GrowCincyUSA to discuss our historic $7 million investment to attract the high tech manufacturing that will help our city thrive. 

Watch below for more! https://t.co/3jxZyjuOsT"
79,The Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden is unmatched. Come check it out for yourself! https://t.co/MYs3DGX0TV https://t.co/WiWN2yDYWQ
80,"Last night, I joined @allinwithchris on @MSNBC to speak out against state and Senate inaction on common sense gun reform. 

Instead of working to fix things, lawmakers in Columbus are responding to these tragedies by putting more guns on our streets. 

This is madness. https://t.co/3ilnhU4Mhu"
81,"RT @CityOfCincy: There’s still time to apply to be a lifeguard at @cincyrec pools this summer and earn up to a $2,000 bonus! Learn more: ht…"
82,.@HSCofHamCo #represent @weareMORTAR @GroundworkOhio #africanamericanchamberofcommerce
83,"SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS

In this budget, we are so proud to be investing in programs that uplift diverse organizations and grow our community in a meaningful way. Click the link to watch the full video! https://t.co/IhvgponD2Y https://t.co/EexReYphCN"
84,"You are valued and appreciated, and we honor your contributions to our community."
85,"Happy #PrideMonth Cincinnati! Thank you to everyone who came to today’s Flag Raising at City Hall. We are proud to stand with our LGBTQIA+ Community and embrace everyone, no matter their orientation, identity, or expression. https://t.co/HIVObX6u2L"
86,It’s going to be a great day because I started it off with donuts! 🍩 Was happy to declare today National Donut Day in Cincinnati. Be sure to support our local bakeries this month and deliver some delicious treats to those you love #donutsdogood @salarmycincy @ServatiiPastry https://t.co/8pvmMMEGkM
87,RT @CityOfCincy: Tonight is the official kickoff of the 2023 Green Cincinnati Plan at @CincinnatiZoo! Can't join us in-person? No problem!…
88,"Was honored to welcome @MomsDemand Action to City Hall this afternoon, as we declared June 3 Gun Violence Awareness Day. 

Right now, it is so important that we band together in support of stronger gun laws. Our lives, our children’s lives, depend on it. https://t.co/U6JCuF3mQJ"
89,"ABOUT THE BUDGET PROCESS

As we work to pass a budget that works for ALL Cincinnatians, it is so integral that you're involved throughout the entire process. In this video, I break down important dates, where your participation comes in and what comes next. #budgetseason https://t.co/GW8tge1qeH"
90,"This Memorial Day, we’re spending time together celebrating the freedoms and life that so many have sacrificed to protect. 

Thank you to our friends and neighbors in Clifton (and @ccc_jeffreys on the grill!) for joining me this afternoon on such a beautiful day! https://t.co/ILc0W5ai6d"
91,"We beat the rain to celebrate the kickoff of Frisch’s Roller Rink — no better way to celebrate the start of Summer than coming together and getting active! 

Thank you to @FrischsBigBoy for helping make this opportunity possible — and great to see Commissioner @aliciareece! https://t.co/l4HwiunRyP"
92,"Thank you to the team at @HoxworthUC for this afternoon’s tour! 

Hoxworth is a world leader, providing blood for hospitals around the region and saving countless lives. Consider donating at https://t.co/uP5pePtt4C https://t.co/iZZwNDpMr4"
93,"This is the kind of urgency people need to hear from thought leaders like @Lis_Smith. 

We have to call this what it is. Republicans leaders playing political games with people’s lives, just to hold onto their power. 

Enough. https://t.co/H5bCzTOc0R"
94,"RT @meekaowens1: The kickoff event for in-person #GreenCincy2023 engagement is in one week!

We’ll discuss progress from the 2018 Plan and…"
95,"THIS IS OUR “VISIONNATI”: Building an Equitable Future. 

Today we released our FY23 recommended Budget, a reflection of our values and priorities for Cincinnati. 

This video includes highlights of what it entails. Go to my Instagram or Facebook to watch the full version! https://t.co/0RLFe6Xhng"
96,"RT @mike_moroski: All of us at @HSCofHamCo thank you, Mayor. This investment will enable us to continue to move this Region forward for ALL…"
97,"And now, I can’t wait for us to move forward through the process – to continue seeking public feedback, and to engage in thoughtful discussion of the budget during Council’s review."
98,"I am proud of the amazing work, from so many, that has gone into this. We have listened to the community, we have worked together with Council to establish clear priorities and goals, and the Administration and I are confident that the budget embodies and executes those goals."
99,"This is the kind of strategic, future-oriented investment that we need right now if we want to bring in the kinds of jobs that will help our City thrive in the modern economy. All of this budget – it’s a reflection of our values and priorities."
