Unnamed: 0,Text
0,https://t.co/3qOxkpFyE8
1,"Challenge to @RepMattGaetz @mattgaetz @pnj @AndyMarlette @KevRobinsonPNJ @JimWLittle, explain why Gaetz, arguably a sex offender (soliciting prostitution) &amp; sex trafficker (violating White-Slave Traffic Act AKA Mann Act) is not NWFL's Price Andrew. The public awaits."
2,"Rep. Matt Gaetz's ex-girlfriend testifies to grand jury in sex trafficking probe, reports say https://t.co/NCCbaBDFmW via @pnj"
3,"creates cover for politicians who fail to serve the people they work for.""

https://t.co/OyLSX4exPV"
4,"""It’s fine to approach the question of the cutest Beatle or member of BTS with a mindless ferocity, because the answer ultimately doesn’t matter. But substituting worship for scrutiny is unworthy of voters in a democracy — and"
5,"Let them choose death, the rest of us want to get back to life."
6,"and lessen vaccine effectiveness. 

For that reason, pass a law, not mandating vaccines or rewarding stubbornness, but denying &amp; revoking health care insurance, hospitalization &amp; life insurance to anyone who is unvaccinated &amp; catches Covid."
7,"that the 2-shot vaccines are 91% effective at preventing severe illness &amp; 88% effective at preventing hospitalization. 

EVERYONE without a legitimate medical waiver should get the vaccine. 

THE LONGER the virus circulates widely, the more likely it will mutate further"
8,"Let Them Choose Death

At this point, masking simply slows the spread of the virus. Vaccines are the best way to fight the pandemic.

Yes, you may get Covid after a vaccine (test positive and in some cases have mild symptoms), but an Israel study has shown"
9,"Stone admits he asked for the written confession, but ""made no formal or informal effort in regard to a pardon"" for Greenberg. So why ask for the written confession? 🤔

https://t.co/8w0olY7fYw"
10,"Life lesson: don't confess to a ""guy who has proudly embraced his reputation as a dirty trickster"".

https://t.co/n7M6inl3CN"
11,"Some might argue that the party, in buying into the lie that last year’s election was somehow stolen, is simply delusional. I disagree. I think Republican leaders know exactly what they’re doing.""

https://t.co/KwrTcZcPi5"
12,"The Conservative Political Action Conference circus last week in Orlando showed how bankrupt the GOP is — at least when it comes to ideas, principles and integrity."
13,"And still more evidence:

""The Republican Party’s biggest problem is that too many people of color are exercising their right to vote. The party’s solution is a massive push for voter suppression that would make old-time Jim Crow segregationists proud."
14,"Given the history of the party, this is no mere coincidence.

https://t.co/EKqvJJCTbM"
15,"and shares them on Twitter and on a website. It cost just $50 to set up.""

And something for you immigrant haters to remember, he's Asian American.

https://t.co/4rFIXBg5E8"
16,"A 31-year-old software engineer from New York build a bot to schedule a Covid vaccine appointment for his mother. In January he spent two weekends of coding to build the bot to find ""available appointments across 53 different New York city and state vaccine sites"
17,"Here is an example of my complaint about TRILLION dollar government:

The vaccination appointment system is a mess, numerous sites that need to be refresh all day until you get an appointment.

Building a site isn't that hard."
18,"And two of her descendants, David Blackman and his daughter Danielle, live in Pensacola.

https://t.co/BwielqYkGK"
19,"""After the Civil War, Henrietta Wood made history by pursuing an audacious lawsuit against the man who’d kidnapped her back into slavery. Yet the story was lost to her own family."""
20,From https://t.co/ylsU32FtUp
21,"including President Donald Trump, claimed that it was barely worse than the flu. That’s false"": https://t.co/s3MpTq2SXM"
22,"""We are living through the worst pandemic in a century, one that is of a different order of magnitude from influenza. In the early months of Covid-19, some people who were trying to deny its severity,"
23,"This was another incredible failure of leadership, continuing the decline of the U.S."
24,"For example, it has been consistently about 2.73 times higher than the death rate in Canada. Meaning 333,347 people would not have died if the U.S. had been as successful as Canada."
25,"(the reporting of deaths drops on the weekend).

That is 1,436 deaths per day on average.

AND the current 7-day moving average of deaths per day is still 1,989!

Statistics from: https://t.co/Elar7zCcUd

P.S. the U.S. death rate was the 10th highest in the world."
26,"Yesterday, it was 1 year (366 days including the end date, it was a leap year) since the first coronavirus death was reported in the U.S. on February 29, 2020.  Through that day there have been 525,778 reported deaths, including 1,285 deaths on that date (yesterday)"
27,Can you say cover-up?
28,"Read the 152-page lawsuit to learn what Trump tried to hide.

https://t.co/Z0m3LtxLtp"
29,"Why was there never any outrage or investigation into the terrorist shooting that killed &amp; injured 16 in Pensacola, FL, during the Trump administration?

https://t.co/ElFvenMnuY"
30,Remember the years of outrage &amp; investigation into 4 deaths in a violent war-torn country during the Obama administration?
31,"After saying the first storm was ""dangerous. And there’s a second storm expected to hit this week, which will make things even worse. So if you can stay home, don’t go out on the roads, don’t risk the ice,” guess who went on vacation?  

https://t.co/s8sYzA139o"
32,"The irony of ignorance!

He smoked cigars, and ""long extolled the glamour and societal benefits of smoking, while downplaying its dangers.""

(If you didn't know, he died age 70, from lung cancer.)

https://t.co/717OGCTGQW"
33,"If you missed it, read that 2nd paragraph again."
34,"American fascism needs to be aggressively marginalized.""

https://t.co/FJmDP8ZXaE"
35,"And Trump’s buffoonery does not disprove the point. . . 

I don’t think Trump came particularly close to success. This time. But the influence of his treacherous ideology is still being spread by unprincipled people seeking influence and profit."
36,"It praises law and order while reserving the right to disobey the law and overturn the political order through violence.

This is a reality that I have resisted naming. The 45th president and a significant portion of his supporters have embraced American fascism."
37,It slanders outsiders and blames them for social and economic ills. It warns of global plots by Jews and shadowy elites. It accepts the lies of a leader as a deeper form of political truth. It revels in anger and dehumanization.
38,Because some have adopted a very different political philosophy than the Founders held. This approach to government promises the recovery of a mythical past. It feeds a sense of White victimhood. It emphasizes emotion over reason. It denigrates experts and expertise.
39,"And they are doing so for the reason some of the Founders most feared: To lead the mob against true democracy.

How can anyone view the trashing of our founding tradition as evidence of patriotism?"
40,"Instead of promoting the values of responsible citizenship, Trump and his media enablers are elevating and blessing the very worst among us. They are making many Americans less suited for self-government and more dangerous to their neighbors."
41,"shameful things are a parent’s boast. And she saw her actions as the expression of a public duty — an example of doing her part.

Call this civic barbarism."
42,"'We broke into the Capitol. . . . We got inside, we did our part. We were looking for Nancy [Pelosi] to shoot her in the friggin’ brain, but we didn’t find her.' The detail that gets to me? She sent this to her children. She was living in a mental world where vile,"
43,"""It is revealing how a political movement that claims to be dedicated to the recovery of national greatness has so readily and completely abandoned many defining national ideals. . . 

One participant in the Jan. 6 attack sent a video to her children saying:"
44,"If you never served, then simply substitute Americans for service members above.

Carry on America!

https://t.co/ZI0RK1XegD"
45,"As service members, we must embody the values and ideals of the nation. We support and defend the Constitution. Any act to disrupt the Constitutional process is not only against our traditions, values and oath; it is against the law."""
46,"In case you still have doubt, consider what was said, clearly &amp; unambiguously, by what might be America's last true leaders:

""The rights of freedom of speech and assembly do not give anyone the right to resort to violence, sedition and insurrection."
47,"And some object to taking a knee during the national anthem.

https://t.co/YVBwOxn7ZN"
48,"Here is a video of the rioters violently attacking the U.S. Capitol and Capital Police. At about 30 seconds, one officer at the bottom of the stairs is beaten with a pole used to carry the American flag (still attached)."
49,"'It was Antifa' he said, before Trump forgot and called the speech to mob 'totally appropriate'.

https://t.co/zuuD7zMnPP"
50,"The quote is from this article. 

https://t.co/i4VuQPaoqg"
51,"Antifa strikes again.

https://t.co/BeqaMpPEGv"
52,"The organization, ""long one of the more conservative business lobbying groups, has been particularly harsh. It called out Republicans who 'cheered on' Trump during his 'disgusting' effort to overturn the election, which it said had 'inflamed violent anger.'"""
53,"Jay Timmons, was once executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, now head of the National Association of Manufacturers said: “This is sedition and should be treated as such.”"
54,"coaching. Anybody know when he might retire?

Your choice says a lot about your character."
55,"You are not a fan, and @AlabamaFTBL wins again.

Option 1: liars, cheats, UA is a ""cabal of Satan-worshipping pedophiles is running a global child  sex-trafficking ring and plotting against US president Donald Trump"", etc.

Option 2: I respect @NickSabanTide's remarkable"
56,"One view of Trump's legacy: ""'Wednesday was America's Kristallnacht.' Schwarzenegger compares MAGA riot to Nazi atrocity saying Trump will 'go down as worst President ever'- as he wields 'Conan's sword' in impassioned speech""

He must be Antifa!

https://t.co/PSLx5uoAUl"
57,"This pretty much explains MAGA world: ""'Liars, grifters and cowards.' Freshman Republican says reps who voted to overturn election KNEW Donald Trump's fraud claims were bogus but went along to cash in"".

https://t.co/SqbbOGm7RU"
58,Q: is it possible to shame Trump supporters? Asking for a friend. 🤔
59,"Trump's brave defenders: 'the mythical country ruled by frog-headed deity, the Kraken in support of Sidney Powell and many more backed armed militia'.

https://t.co/jZx3gjJaaq"
60,Q: is it possible to shame Trump supporters? Asking for a friend. 🤔
61,"Another Trump supporter, ""who lives with his mom, spouts conspiracy theories about ‘FBI pedophile codes’ and roams the streets dressed in his bizarre horned outfit"".

I'd certainly disown the failure as Antifa.

https://t.co/nLnwlVqPwR"
62,Q: is it possible to shame Trump supporters? Asking for a friend. 🤔
63,"More devious Antifa bogeymen, including one 'patriotic rioter' who 'texting friends about plan to shoot and run over Pelosi' &amp; another 'whose vehicle contained 11 Molotov cocktails'. 

https://t.co/IzRBSaSIZ9"
64,Q: is it possible to shame Trump supporters? Asking for a friend. 🤔
65,"Did you use the phrase or hashtag? 

https://t.co/nI7Bfbi5vb"
66,'Just joking' winked Trump.
67,"01-06-21 never would have happened without the enablers.

What should be done to media organizations that enabled the Narcissist-in-Chief?

https://t.co/Y4HeSwEPi2"
68,'Just joking' winked Trump.
69,FYI https://t.co/S4UjMlL7kU
70,"Even Pence is an Antifa bogeyman now.
(More satire -- gallows humor now.)

https://t.co/APpEOs9vRf"
71,"BEWARE: Antifa bogeymen are every where.

Here is one Republican in Oregon.

(Satire if you fail to understand.)

https://t.co/xqhcDJUR5E"
72,"People cheered. 'Give it up if you believe in Donald Trump!' Louder cheers.""

https://t.co/hYrRDcTp9m"
73,"'It’s all in the Bible,' he said. 'Everything is predicted. Donald Trump is in the Bible. Get yourself ready.'

The conflation of Trump and Jesus was a common theme at the rally. 'Give it up if you believe in Jesus!' a man yelled near me."
74,"intensified by eschatological anxiety. One man I interviewed this morning, a resident of Texas who said his name was Don Johnson (I did not trust this to be his name), told me that the country was coming apart, and that this dissolution presaged the End Times."
75,"conspiracism, and cultishness, . . . [the] gathering was not merely an attempted coup but also a mass-delusion event, not something that can be explained adequately through the prism of politics. Its chaos was rooted in psychological and theological phenomena,"
76,"Sedition is sedition, even if it includes delusion &amp; sacrilege.

Wearing camouflage and Kevlar, full-body cat costume and often the letter Q, with some smoking marijuana and others chanting the word guillotine -- all all have spent “hours sponging up Trumpist paranoia,"
77,"and that many Christians have obligingly remade their faith in his image. Defiant masses literally broke down the walls of government, some believing they were marching under Jesus’s banner to implement God’s will to keep Trump in the White House.""

https://t.co/XHW1VQmKEn"
78,"""The fascist riot and rampage was not just sedition, it was also sacrilege.

""Many of those who mobbed the Capitol on Wednesday claimed to be enacting God’s will. . .
The Jericho March is evidence that Donald Trump has bent elements of American Christianity to his will,"
79,"Perhaps we had to go over the edge to climb back.""

Let's hope.

https://t.co/O4n2BkuMUW"
80,"deeply at odds with the democratic character of the country? This week, it might have happened. You don’t need the whole country to snap away — even by the time Richard M. Nixon resigned, a quarter of Americans still supported him — but you need enough that it resets the norm."
81,"""For four years, I have wondered when the Trump fever would break. When, I wondered, would people see that he was not a comical figure, enjoying his bizarre reality television version of the presidency, but a narcissist and a demagogue, stoking racism and hate,"
82,"But I predict the Capitol Police that allowed the rioters to capture the seat of government on Wednesday will be ready next time, and it will be much more violent.

https://t.co/u3uDyxn5YA"
83,"QAnon (q stands for quisling), the Proud Boys, the Oath Keepers, the Groyper Army, the Three Percenters, various militia organizations, white supremacist and white nationalist groups, and individual conspiracy extremists."
84,"and if not maybe after federal and state officials reveal the crimes he and his family will soon face.

Of course, some will always have ""violent and destructive fantasies [that] remain unchecked and dangerous”, extremist and alt-right organizations such as"
85,"This article argues that some see “the siege was a huge and momentous success, a propaganda coup that will energize [the right] for a long time to come.”

I hope not. I hope most Americans now see Trump as a shriveling “buffoonish, pathetic figure”,"
86,"who has helped  him, and every institution that has sustained him, over the past four  years. He will leave office (on January 20 if not earlier)  resembling no one so much as Richard Nixon, a self-isolated shell of a  man full of self-pity"".

https://t.co/UKexqSUN2h"
87,"The same  self-focus that has rendered him incapable of empathy or absorbing  inconvenient information left him unable to imagine a White House  occupied by someone else. And so, in this fateful two-month interim, he  has systematically and shortsightedly damaged everyone"
88,"He would have been the odds-on favorite for a  comeback nomination in 2024 . . .

But  the very narcissistic traits that made Trump a president like no other  made a graceful exit — or even a temporary exile — impossible."
89,"he might have left office with his head held high,  convinced of his administration’s accomplishments and the wickedness of  his enemies, with all his options open and all his friends and allies  showering him with praise."
90,"Another article worth a read.

Thank you Donald ""The Raging Narcissist"" Trump.

""Had Donald Trump discovered a way to accept his defeat at some point during the long months between Joe Biden’s victory on November 7 and a pro-Trump mob’s sack of the Capitol on January 6,"
91,"The article is worth a read.

https://t.co/oIzxIBVQ1W"
92,"which places no one beyond forgiveness and affirms that everyone needs grace in different ways. There is a perfectly good set of Christian tools to deal with situations such as these: remorse, repentance, forgiveness, reformation."""
93,"And it is not my purpose to pick through the ruins of destroyed reputations. It is tempting to call unforgivable the equation of Christian truth with malice, cruelty, deception, bigotry and sedition. But that statement is itself contradicted by Christian truth,"
94,"Perhaps the moral character of political bodyguards actually matters. Perhaps evangelicals should not be hiring bodyguards in the first place, but rather supporting moral leaders who seek the common good.

The damage is now done."
95,"of Concerned Women for America. 'We voted for him to be our bodyguard.' But what if the bodyguard you hired turns out to be a brutish, bigoted, narcissistic, authoritarian thug who wants to burn down any democratic institution he can’t control?"
96,"'There has never been anyone,' said Ralph Reed of the Faith and Freedom Coalition, 'who has defended us and who has fought for us, who we have loved more than Donald J. Trump. No one!'

'We didn’t vote for him to be our pastor or our husband,' explained Penny Nance"
97,"I and many others foresaw and foresaw until our fingers ached at the keyboard. Yet Franklin Graham, Jerry Falwell Jr., Robert Jeffress and the others either shut their eyes or shared in Trumpian hatreds."
98,"Jesus had something to say about political deals with the devil: 'Get behind me, Satan!' My point is less theological: The political and religious costs of a tight evangelical alliance with violent bigots and crackpots were easily foreseen."
99,"""As white nationalists, conspiracy theorists, misogynists, anarchists, criminals and terrorists took hold of the Republican Party, many evangelicals blessed it under the banner 'Jesus Saves.'"
