Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Rudy Giuliani the next Jussie Smollett? He supposedly got attacked in a grocery store. Turns out it was just a pat on the back. You can’t make this stuff up. https://t.co/EgThUXs3gO
1,"@mmpadellan RBG is an American icon. That being said, she should’ve retired during the Obama administration. It’s an insult to her memory that she got replaced by Amy Comey Barrett."
2,Can you imagine? Parents would riot if a Muslim teacher led a prayer. The hypocrisy is breathtaking. https://t.co/Omwi2ruECU
3,Parents need to have the option to opt out of this. You can’t bitch about critical race theory indoctrinating our kids when you’re pushing this trash. https://t.co/1z5ys3Df8k
4,Would anyone still be a member of an organized religion if they weren’t indoctrinated by their community or a family member?
5,"People are veering away from religion because it has become so radicalized and continues to be shoe horned into everything. For institutions whose membership numbers are plummeting, they’re not good at selling themselves."
6,Freedom of religion should also come with freedom from religion. The society is veering away from religion and it’s absurd that the older generation is so desperate to force it on the unwilling.
7,Would the Supreme Court also vote to uphold the rights of a Muslim football coach to pray after games? It seems this freedom of religion stuff only applies to Christians of a particular shade.
8,Do not call anyone who’s cheering the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade “pro life.” They’re the forced birth crowd now.
9,I fear for what the forced birth movement will do to kids in foster care. They already have it rough. This will make them even less of a priority.
10,Imagine being such a black hearted witch that you get this mad at a flag that represents love and acceptance. I’d be mad too if I was just a contributor for a two bit fascist public access news station. https://t.co/45IJlEJVjB
11,Forced birth rhetoric is religious based. I’ve never encountered a forced birth person who is not religious. It’s disturbing that this religious zealotry has pervaded our government so aggressively.
12,@fred_guttenberg @RepMTG Why is that a bad thing? Republicans like MTG are bad for any state.
13,Any rights that we thought were settled law in the courts need to be codified ASAP.
14,I’m really enjoying reading statements from other world leaders condemning what the Supreme Court did yesterday. It’s their very dignified way of highlighting us as the laughingstock of the world.
15,Clarence Thomas needs to be thrown out on his ass. Isn’t treason a crime? Why is his wife not being indicted?
16,"Organized religion is losing members in droves because of their closed minded, discriminatory ideals, yet us non-religious folks have to deal with our elected officials being religious extremists. I’m tired of that."
17,"Nobody is above the law, except this list of people who absolutely are. Justice needs to become more swift and less blind."
18,"You can’t be all about free speech and have tremendous meltdowns when people use their free speech to object to your horrendous decisions. Just stop making horrendous decisions. Simple as that. Freedom of speech applies to everyone, not just you."
19,Republicans have no plan to lead or intention to govern. They’re all about blaming democrats for the things they don’t want to fix and pushing their more radical agenda items.
20,How are Republicans going to pay for their forced birth racket if all they do is lower taxes and give handouts to corporations? Things need to happen because many times women make the decision to have an abortion because of poverty.
21,@mgm8784 Yep. There’s so much stuff that needs to be funded and created for this to not become dystopian.
22,"Republicans are now in a position where they risk becoming even bigger hypocrites than they already are. In order for their forced birth racket to not be an even bigger shitshow than it already is, they need to reform, expand, and improve upon social services."
23,"Utah people, are there any pro choice protests planned? I’d love to be involved. I just want to be involved in general."
24,"Yes. The left is the radical end of the ideological spectrum. Whatever you say, Marge. https://t.co/ci9yuMmJv1"
25,This. The old guard of Pelosi and Schumer will not help us overcome the evil on the right. https://t.co/PBciHSiymX
26,Clarence Thomas thinks that he’s god now. Indict Ginni Thomas and impeach Clarence.
27,"@pmartell63_ I believe it was four. Alito, Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, and Comey Barrett"
28,@RepLizCheney Might want to delete this. Stick to the committee hearings and avoiding doing anything about Ginni Thomas.
29,"@therecount Not everything is an insurrection, you psycho. #MarjorieTaylorGreeneIsAMonster #PardonMeMarjorie"
30,"Expand the Supreme Court or impeach Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, Comey Barrett, and Clarence Thomas"
31,Days like today are why I say that the insurrection on January 6th was a success. No one has been held accountable and the government is in disarray. They know they got away with it too.
32,"Can we get #MarjorieTaylorGreeneIsAMonster trending? Because, well, she is."
33,"Remember folks, never trust anyone who says they’re all for women’s rights, but is also involved in what happens to women’s uteruses. The same goes for the “I’m pro life but anti government overreach” crowd. They’re really the same crowd."
34,Lifetime SCOTUS appointments only make sense if the presidents who picked them also serve for life. There’s no reason why we should be subjected to the will of prior presidents for any longer than they’re in office.
35,Indict Ginni Thomas and impeach her husband.
36,"I don’t understand why a Supreme Court that’s so biased and compromised is allowed to decide on such momentous matters. The Supreme Court is supposed to be a prestigious institution we look to for guidance. In reality, it’s a corrupt, partisan body."
37,You can’t say that you want mass shootings to stop while also being adamantly against gun control. That doesn’t make sense.
38,Mitt Romney voted yes on the gun bill and Mike Lee voted no (to no one's surprise). Senator Lee continues to be the opposite of everything that's good for the state of Utah.
39,Calling the January 6th hearings a witch hunt is laughable at best. There’s so much here and the committee went through all the steps to make it legit. Anyone who says it’s bogus should be ridiculed.
40,@RepMTG Testify under oath that you didn’t request a pardon then. You’re not saying she’s wrong. You’re just quibbling over her verbiage.
41,Donald Trump vanished in the months right before and after the election. One has to wonder how many COVID deaths could’ve been avoided if he had done his job instead of desperately clinging on to power
42,@RepMattGaetz MULTIPLE CREDIBLE people said you requested a pardon. Throw a tantrum all you want. This is cased closed.
43,Members of Congress requested pardons and they’re still in office. That’s insane. We must not forget their names. They must resign…today.
44,"If members of Congress asked for pardons, they committed crimes. Indict them!"
45,@ThisIsKyleR https://t.co/ljkWhnZ4zh
46,"I’m inclined to agree with this. Anyone can lie and give a reason that’s the opposite of their intended purpose for owning a gun. It’s government overreach to be sure, but it’s pretty dubious whether it’s unconstitutional. https://t.co/xN9RuoyaFt"
47,"“In an 1816 letter to Virginia lawyer Samuel Kercheval on the subject of calling a convention to revise the state's constitution, Jefferson stated that a constitution should be revised every 19 to 20 years. Jefferson's proposed time period was based on the era's mortality rate.”"
48,Where in the constitution does it say that people should own and have unlimited access to as many guns as they want with no laws regulating anything? The second amendment literally says “well regulated” in it.
49,Republicans who were silent during the Trump administration are complicit in the crimes that were committed.
50,"Kevin McCarthy ended Madison Cawthorn’s career because of one comment about coke orgies, yet he allows Marjorie Taylor Greene to spew psychotic nonsense every day of the week. She must have some good blackmail material on him or he’s as spineless and useless as he seems. https://t.co/Fd7kevaP7s"
51,"I love the gun bill, but I don’t want Congress to turn a deaf ear to this issue going forward. If Democrats expand their majority, I want it to be back on the table by the time the next Congress arrives."
52,"I tried to come up with a good tweet about all the things that are annoying me right now, but that just made me even more annoyed. Sometimes I feel like I’m living the Old Man Yells at Cloud meme."
53,"@Chasten That was ghastly, especially considering how little Bobo actually does."
54,"@RepMTG What about you and your affairs at the gym and who knows where else? Marge, you’re the last person who should cast judgment on someone’s sex life."
55,RT @Chasten: Our two-month-old son was on a ventilator at the children's hospital when you attacked my husband for being with his family. I…
56,"Yes, we do, Mike. We deserve it without you in it. Vote @EvanMcMullin. https://t.co/YtkdooPWWn"
57,".@CharlieCrist when you’re elected, undo everything Ron DeSantis did. https://t.co/TNfoT6od5U"
58,Jim Jordan is the personification of a red flag. https://t.co/40SH98lRWw
59,@AllenLEllison https://t.co/K2k9qf5a5e
60,"It’s beyond me why Greg Abbott is still narrowly leading Beto O’Rourke. Get it together, Texas!"
61,"Cancel culture is not a thing. If you say or do something awful, you should be held accountable for saying or doing that awful thing. Do people overreact and “cancel” people for the wrong things? Sure. Such is life though. Dwelling on the whole thing is dumb."
62,"This smells like Greg Abbott and Ken Paxton getting ready to blame Texas Department of Public Safety, which in turn blamed Uvalde. This is Uvalde trying to blame Texas Department of Public Safety. Finger pointing everywhere. https://t.co/WZha72Uwx9"
63,I don’t get what changed. First the Texas Department of Public Safety…now the mayor of Uvalde. Why are the rats jumping off the ship now? The cover up seemed to breezing ahead full steam. This is a very clunky way to start spilling the beans. https://t.co/BHcPWh3i21
64,They’re admitting what we already knew about Uvalde. Time for consequences. These kids deserve justice from those who were supposed to protect them but didn’t. https://t.co/vtaWWp2wDb
65,@TuckerCarlson You gotta be shitting me?
66,@Shawn00Guerra They’ll stand at the front lines for an hour doing nothing while drones and fighter jets wreak havoc.
67,"Can Greg Abbott, Ted Cruz, Ken Paxton, John Cornyn, the Texas state legislature, and the Uvalde Police Department all secede from the United States and we just keep Texas?"
68,"Texas talks about secession like they’re doing well enough to survive as their own country. They’re a five alarm dumpster fire. Do they really think they could stand up against the full might of the military? They can’t even keep their lights on! Get it together, Texas!"
69,Just as I thought…the Colbert staffers being detained at the Capitol was nothing. https://t.co/uTKIbMiCBe
70,@PeskyFact Beyond frustrating and heartbreaking. The officers involved should absolutely be fired along with everyone up the chain of command
71,@RonFilipkowski Don’t you have to have friends to be a gamer?
72,They were in the building for an hour listening to kids getting murdered and they couldn’t even be bothered to check a door handle?!? How many could have been saved??? https://t.co/PsKmGZR2fS
73,Why are we forgetting about Josh Hawley? I’m not seeing enough Josh Hawley roasting. https://t.co/sZ7IJ5Lf8S
74,.@EvanMcMullin thanks for connecting. Let’s talk sometime.
75,"@AllenLEllison Way to pivot. Good job, old friend!"
76,@mikepompeo I’ll leave this here. https://t.co/WXF407PKSN
77,Anyone remember Mike Pompeo? I sure do! He’s just as slimy as the rest and deserves more scrutiny. https://t.co/WXF407PKSN
78,The right is more concerned with the mere mention of Barron Trump’s name than the needless slaughter of children via gun violence. ✨PRIORITIES✨
79,Mike Lee acts like he’s some deep thinking profound statesman. I’ve never heard him say anything that wasn’t deeply partisan or misguided. The smugness of this man is off the charts https://t.co/j9FcDpm5HI
80,"A couple things…1) I guess when they said AR-15s were for hunting, this is what they meant. 2) The absolute nerve of them to call the left radical when they’re releasing ads like this. https://t.co/PqjxWtBeVH"
81,I think Merrick Garland might want to change his investigation of this situation to a criminal one. The entirety of the government in Texas on a state and local level is covering up something BAD in Uvalde. https://t.co/6NSHUlQW8P
82,"@BdRlaz She did not write a word of it. Ghostwriters are a thing. Can we talk about how Ted Cruz wrote the foreword? You know, the guy who allegedly encouraged Bobo to run for Congress when he met her while she was working as an escort. Yikes. The cover is ghastly by the way."
83,"On the flip side, Joe Manchin and Krystyn Sinema could more accurately be assessed as Democrats In Name Only considering their tendency to go along with whatever Republicans are doing. RINOs are just less crazy. They still never fraternize with Democrats."
84,"What is a RINO exactly? I think that the people that are being called RINOs more closely resemble the Republicans I remember. Most of that party is filled with Trump style Republicans, which are a completely different breed. Might as well change the name of the party."
85,I swear a Republican could murder someone in cold blood in front of Merrick Garland and he still wouldn’t indict them.
86,"Let’s change MAGA to DAMA, which stands for Destroying America Maliciously Always"
87,RT @AllenBGlines: No words. Watch and share. https://t.co/jBwQP3f60X
88,Happy Father’s Day to every dad who’s putting in the work and trying to raise good children.
89,"This feeds into my tweet about John McCain from earlier. Calling someone ANYTHING McCain is a compliment. Dan Crenshaw is undeserving to have McCain’s name attached to him, even if it’s being used as an insult. That being said, shouldn’t Tucker Carlson be liable here? https://t.co/Mj8hmrmi0a"
90,@waltermasterson More importantly https://t.co/lnImwvTTbx
91,@mmpadellan https://t.co/AisikDy3sa
92,"I’m still waiting for evidence that President Biden, who hasn’t done much on immigration, somehow opened the southern border and now we have infinite drugs, guns, and illegal immigrants flooding in"
93,Republicans don’t consider half the country and a good chunk of their own party as Americans either. https://t.co/AB6tziJD8d
94,"I disagreed with John McCain politically, but I respected him as a bonafide American hero and distinguished statesmen. I hate how Donald Trump made it okay to disrespect his memory."
95,"Donald Trump does not get enough criticism for his mishandling of the federal government response to Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico in 2017. 3,000 Americans died and it’s not mentioned."
96,@fred_guttenberg @RepLoudermilk @StephenAtHome We know all of the Colbert staffers who were detained. Who was in Loudermilk’s tour? Two years have passed. None of them have been identified. Other tours were given by other members of Congress and we know nothing about them either. NONE of the participants have been arrested.
97,"Anything can be used as a weapon. Terrorists at the Capitol on January 6th were armed. Even if they weren’t, it was still an insurrection because they were violent. https://t.co/dC3pCqTdg9"
98,"Explain to me why we know all the names of the Stephen Colbert staffers who were arrested at the Capitol, but there’s nothing on the Barry Loudermilk tour participants or all the other tours given surrounding January 6th. None of them were arrested. None of them are identified."
99,"Also, because it warrants repeating, you cannot commit an insurrection without being armed, violent, and intending to overthrow the government. A troop of comedy goobers are not the same as a horde of Trump minions erecting gallows on the steps of the Capitol."
