Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"The SCOTUS is an independent branch, purposely unelected. 

No debate, bill, or vote was cast; this was a SCOTUS decision."
1,"Congrats to the incredible @yestoyesli for winning her primary, and representing what a true powerful woman looks like! https://t.co/9c9eE5ymHP"
2,"I condemn the violent protests breaking out across our nation. 

Go forth and protest as it is your right, but do so peacefully.

“In spite of temporary victories, violence never brings permanent peace.” - Dr. MLK"
3,RT @bennyjohnson: Pray for Justice Clarence Thomas https://t.co/waUWt14ooo
4,"We are #MarylandStrong; we can overcome any obstacle or hardship that affects our communities. 

Remember that."
5,RT @A1Policy: AFPI’s @RyannMcEnany on the Biden Administration’s changes to Title IX: https://t.co/u2K4lK9MVT
6,"My heart goes out to my @Ravens in this difficult time for their families and friends. Life is quick and fleeting, let’s cherish these moments we have."
7,"Mayra Flores’s victory is proof that Hispanic support of GOP candidates is RECORD HIGH. 

We WILL win in November."
8,"RT @NikkiHaley: When America leads, the world follows. When we speak, the world listens. What we are, the world wants. https://t.co/GZcP8v6…"
9,"RT @WinningForWomen: .@NikkiHaley to @HARRISFAULKNER:
""There are no women's issues, they are all issues. Women care about national security…"
10,"Our adversaries are busy trying to catch up to our Military capabilities and the Navy’s doing this?

https://t.co/8Dt2J5jxKC"
11,"The @GOP is the party of the working class. 

I’m proud to be a candidate for the party of We The People."
12,"RT @GOP: Joe Biden has failed to address any of the crises he created for the American people.
 
From inflation, supply chain shortages, an…"
13,"Vote CONSERVATIVE in this primary election season. 

We can’t afford to elect more establishment sell outs that don’t serve We The People."
14,"Inflation has reached a NEW all time high. 

Has the Left revered any course on their radical spending?

Nope. Are you surprised?"
15,RT @GOP: Retweet 🔁 if you love freedom!
16,"Marylanders want lower taxes, safer communities, and better education for their children. 

We’re above the political rhetoric of DC, and we’re above partisan politics. 

My opponent, John Sarbanes, is defined by his partisanship and lack of regard for the needs of MD-3."
17,"RT @realchasegeiser: 14,000 Americans remain trapped or dead in Afghanistan.

We are being betrayed like never before."
18,"Imagine if we balanced the budget AND lowered taxes. 

The RSC has a plan to restore fiscal responsibility, when will Washington Elites get their act together and adopt a fiscally responsible budget?"
19,"Remember when public service meant something?

My opponent, John Sarbanes, sold out our communities for campaign $$$ YEARS ago and his time failing us is over!"
20,"Mayra Flores is proof that with RNC support and Republicans UNITING, we WILL win. 

No seat can be taken for granted."
21,"Maryland First &amp; America First. 

That’s my message to Washington DC, that’s my message to America."
22,"Congrats to @MayraFlores2022 on her historic win last night in a district Biden won by double digits! 

Just like her district, #MD03 voted for Biden by double digits in 2020…but a new generation of Republican women are leading the Red Wave.

We CAN and WILL flip this seat!"
23,"RT @GOP: Happy 247th Birthday to the @USArmy! 
 
We are thankful for your service. https://t.co/IcauOZBPVt"
24,RT @GOP: Happy Birthday President Trump!
25,"RT @GOP: Happy #FlagDay! 
 
Today we celebrate the creation of the first United States flag which represents freedom and hope! https://t.co…"
26,I don’t need a biology degree to know I’m a woman.
27,"I didn’t come to this country to ask for a handout; I came here to work hard, serve well, and defend what makes America great.

My opponent John Sarbanes is doing all he can to undo the sacrifices we veterans make to protect the freedoms we love here in the US."
28,"It’s been an honor to have had the opportunity to serve my county in and out of uniform. 

I am forever grateful to the women who have paved the way for me &amp; my fellow female vets.

Happy #womensveteransday! https://t.co/x8aSl19Wky"
29,"RT @raficarone_21: Cryptocurrency is the future. 

We must understand it, pass effective policies, and UNLEASH its power. 

We’re behind gl…"
30,"Joe Biden in public office with his state of mental decline is elder abuse. 

Plain and simple."
31,Hot take: Homes should be owned by people and families- not corporations and shareholders.
32,Make Patriotism Bipartisan Again
33,RT @HouseGOP: FACT President Trump has repeatedly condemned white supremacists. https://t.co/ll24G2Z2Dw
34,"This is a sham proceeding, funded by the taxpayer, and everyone knows it. https://t.co/FRKXAqvjwE"
35,"RT @GOP: Gas prices hit a new record high today.
 
The national average today is $4.97 per gallon!"
36,"The reports coming out of Smithsburg, MD are heartbreaking. 

These senseless tragedies affect all communities in my home state of Maryland, and we must unite &amp; support the victims and their families, as well as to prevent future tragedies from occurring."
37,RT @BCFPresident: Why is it that Black Republican candidates have to go through an extra level of verification to prove if they’re “Actuall…
38,"The Biden Admin just hit a NEW ALL TIME HIGH IN GAS PRICES! 

Surpassing $5 dollars nationwide!"
39,"First, the leak of the draft majority opinion, now an armed California attacker attempting to murder Justice Kavanagh. 

When will the Biden Admin and the Dems condemn these acts?  

Our highest judges deserve peace and safety."
40,RT @rocaforcongress: Fentanyl is a deadly and growing problem here in Maryland’s 6th district. We need to take steps to address this traged…
41,"Good morning to everyone, but the groomers."
42,"On this #DDay —78 years ago, let us remember the thousands of heroes &amp; allied troops we lost who made the ultimate sacrifice for freedom.

The 82nd Airborne were the heroes who jumped in, which is close to me, given my time at Ft Bragg, home of the 82nd.

We remember them always."
43,@TheCipherG @sanuzis @60PlusAssoc Way of the future ✅
44,"Peace is not absence of conflict; it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.

-Ronald Reagan

Rest In Peace Mr. President."
45,"Rest In Peace General Carl Stiner.

God bless you and your family. 

https://t.co/9tXDedlmms"
46,RT @CaliKidJMP: Those who lost a child in Uvalde: you have my deepest condolences. No words can match your grief. On behalf of the families…
47,Amber Heard is as broke as the American people after the Democrat’s inflation.
48,Veterans Lives Matter.
49,"If the Left cared about inflation they’d immediately halt their radicalized economic policies, CUT spending, and balance the budget. 

They’ve had years to do it and they’ve done NOTHING!"
50,"Wouldn’t you rather someone who’s experienced in handling issues versus someone who’s just a mouthpiece talking about them?

Yeah, same."
51,"I will rebalance the fiscal budget. 

I will stand for our constitutional rights. 

I will restore law and order. 

I WILL win this race."
52,"Kathy Hochul can’t complain about crime but pass the most radical “CRJ Reform” bills that release violent criminals into once safe communities. 

Enough with the gas lighting you radical monster."
53,"I’m tired of weak and pathetic politicians telling me I’m not able to succeed because of my age, that I’m a woman, that my district is problematic… those are excuses. 

I’m running to bring results. Thank you, the end."
54,Can’t tell if satire. Please be satire. https://t.co/xOUO3FQhkl
55,I will always support consenting Adults living their life how and with whomever. Keep the kids out of it- Happy #PrideMonth
56,"Inflation is skyrocketing with no solution in sight. 

How do politicians of today look at their constituents in the eyes after they fail to bring about common sense solutions to issues HURTING American families?"
57,Putting the American people and their interests first isn’t controversial and should be a focus of bipartisanship.
58,"Today is a difficult day as we honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice.

In their memory, and in their honor- please enjoy this day and the freedoms they fought for. 

For Ryan Owens, Kyle Milliken, Alex Conrad, and Ryan Knauss. All Gave Some- Some Gave All. #MemorialDay 🇺🇸"
59,"Bring back fiscal conservatives. 

No tax increase is to be deemed appropriate or “slight”; you’ve taxed us enough."
60,"Unlike our current representation, I won’t sit idly by and watch as GOVERNMENT BUREAUCRATS tell US that our jobs aren’t essential. 

Well, guess what, neither are they."
61,"Would you rather listen to Kamala cackle or Sleepy Joe go on about lord knows what and make no sense? 

I’m torn."
62,"Even in the wake of tragedy, there never an excuse for our constitutional rights to be infringed. 

Shall not be infringed MEANS shall not be infringed."
63,"American heroes deserve more credit. 

Those who served our country risked it all so we could be free. 

Let us pray for their heroism and courage to serve."
64,"My thoughts and prayers are with those battling existential conflict amidst the Russian invasion. 

However, we should be cautious about not intervening to draw us into direct military conflict with another world superpower. 

We have enough issues at home to deal with."
65,"Pray for our Texan brothers and sisters who are going through what no mother and father should go through. Pray for our nation to heal and continue to persevere. 

Such a terrible tragedy, it breaks my heart."
66,"My sincerest sympathies and prayers go out to the victims and the families of those affected by the Uvalde, TX tragedy.

I’m heartbroken and at a loss for words. As someone who was stationed in San Antonio during my years in the service, this tragedy cuts deep. 

Pray with me 🙏"
67,"Inflation hurts American families. 

We shouldn’t have to pay a tax due to poor policymaking by the failures “leading us” in Washington."
68,"How is canceling American companies’ leases to drill and pump oil and gas productive given the RECORD high costs on the American people for gas and energy prices?

Public policies should SUPPORT the American people and solve present conflicts… not exacerbate them."
69,"Americans are the hardest working people on the face of the Earth; there is nothing we cannot achieve. 

Our policies should reflect such greatness."
70,"Soaring gas prices, skyrocketing inflation, and higher costs of living hurt ALL Americans!

Not the rich. Not the poor. EVERYONE. 

The messaging that the Left is the party of the people is very inaccurate."
71,China shows complete apathy for environment while “…raising output of cheap domestic coal [to] ease the price gains […] leading to stable economic conditions.” CCP doing CCP things. https://t.co/5dllpEBy42
72,"For us to pave our way to build a better America, we need to select leaders who will lead us towards progression, not regression. 

I’ll be that leader."
73,"RT @roddorilas: Freedom First.

America First."
74,"Economic policies that hurt the American people should be REMOVED IMMEDIATELY. 

Not debated. Not swept under the rug. REMOVED. 

Americans are hurting, and politicians leave these policies in place to save face."
75,"This #ArmedForcesDay, let us honor our heroic Armed Forces for defending this great nation.
 
To the brave men/women of the US Armed Forces, including my fellow Airmen/women,  thank you for your heroism, commitment to serving, &amp; the sacrifice you make so we can be free. https://t.co/DamMvSfdYf"
76,"Amber Heard might as well be the next Press Secretary. 

She’s just as dishonest and is also a puppet for the Left."
77,"America, on its worst day, is still the greatest country on Earth. 

Remember that."
78,"America on its worst day is still the greatest country on Earth. 

Remember that."
79,American mothers matter.
80,"RT @DeAngelisCorey: Congressman Byron Donalds: ""if we're going to bring in subjective material into the classroom, that is the problem that…"
81,Your daily reminder that ILLEGAL immigrants have baby formula but military wives don’t. The commissaries are struggling.
82,"I am running on my track record as a PUBLIC SERVANT. 

I am the only combat vet in my race. I put MY life on the line to support and defend the Constitution. 

I am for Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness. I will defend this country, our way of life, and grow the economy."
83,Remember the lives of SPC Alex Conrad (Army Special Operations ) and SCPO Kyle Milliken (Navy Special Operations) because I do and so does everyone who knew them and worked with them. https://t.co/WKMTWRx06E
84,"As a Somali immigrant and a vet/counter-terrorism analyst who deployed to Somalia. 

I’m alarmed Biden is putting US troops back into harm’s way in Somalia without a plan to do ANYTHING differently.

There’s a smart way to do this. I don’t trust Biden to get it done."
85,RT @LTGHRMcMaster: Genocide should be an ESG issue.  American finance and businesses must stop strengthening the Chinese Communist Party. h…
86,"I support term limits entirely. If the military has limited tenure, so should elected members of Congress."
87,"I am shattered by the atrocities that occurred in Buffalo, NY. We are facing a very real danger. Radicals have no interest in a stable or united society. They want chaos and destruction and we can not give them the attention they want. Remember the families and victims."
88,"The White House was caught off-guard by the baby formula shortage. 

Just like they were caught off guard by the energy crisis. 

And the Afghanistan crisis. 

And the Ukraine crisis. 

We need to elect new leaders who aren't constantly ASLEEP at the wheel!"
89,"Inflation isn’t just a statistic – it’s causing real, painful hardships for American families. Cost of living has increased ~500$ PER Month for the average American family. Biden/Kamala/Sarbanes Inflation is robbing us!"
90,"RT @MarshaBlackburn: This week, we’re honoring the service and sacrifice law enforcement officers make for our communities every day.

Than…"
91,"RT @MarshaBlackburn: Tennessee parents are struggling to find baby formula. 

What is Joe Biden doing to help families?"
92,"John Sarbanes (D) has taken his seat and the District for granted. He has hid out at Capitol Hill instead of serving the good people of Maryland’s 3rd. As Congresswoman I will continue my lifelong service to my District, my State, and my Country. #MD03 #RedWave2022"
93,"Wishing every mom a joyous Mother's Day, especially mine. It wasn't easy for you, yet you met every struggle with courage and faith. You didn't just persevere through adversity, you conquered it and instilled in me the values to make me the woman I am today. Mom, you're my hero!"
94,@ShuForCongress Thank you for your support @ShuForCongress !
95,Maryland is ready for a change and true representative leadership in Congress. I’m ready to heed the call. #MD03
96,"RT @newsmax: As war continues in Ukraine and COVID-19 forces more major lockdowns in China, European companies are investing more in the Un…"
97,Vaccines should be ENCOURAGED not mandated.
98,"RT @ShuForCongress: America did not happen by chance. 

God guided the hands, minds, and the eyes of our forefathers.

His sovereign hand s…"
99,"RT @najimbenine: America isn’t Congress. America isn’t Washington. America is the striving working people who starts a business, or the mom…"
