Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"Lets no repeat history is easy to say. Its also easy to say that babies shouldn’t die. 

What do we do? 

We create a very tight window for abortions and reform the foster care system."
1,"I was adopted from Romania during a time when Abortion was legal. But it wasn’t always legal. 

Romania under Ceausescu created a dystopian horror of overcrowded, filthy orphanages, and thousands died from back-alley abortions. 

Let’s not repeat history."
2,We should expand the Supreme Court.  This will allow for equal representation of multiple political ideologies. No longer should there be a majority of one side of the isle.
3,"We can’t ignore religion when debating morals and ethics. 

We must keep fighting for what we believe to be right."
4,"RT @GovWhitmer: Now is the time to use every tool in our toolbox to protect women and reproductive healthcare. 

I will fight like hell to…"
5,"There are supernatural evil forces at play that are rewarding the bad culture of power. Working class families are watching in disbelief. 

The system of government and big think tank corporations are not rewarding the good but only feeding the bad. 

When will we see a change?"
6,RT @AE911Truth: The media — supposed guardians of democracy and truth — literally celebrated when Spike Lee was forced to remove an entire…
7,The federal reserve and Government are blaming each other when they’re both puppets ran by big banks. https://t.co/CnAXwqClcb
8,Detroit needs to step up it’s game for many African Diaspora initiatives! https://t.co/zlcRK6mJqy
9,"RT @ACCESS1971: ""Today, more than 50 years later, ACCESS is the nation’s leading Arab American non-profit. I’d like to thank you from the b…"
10,"RT @VetAffairsDems: Supporting veterans’ #MentalHealth and well-being to address suicide must be a top priority. 

Chairman @RepMarkTakano…"
11,Better food! The need for occupational therapy! Internet access! Providing proper medical attention! The need to end solitary confinement! And much more…
12,"As a former inmate, jails are safe to keep violent people off the streets. Many are wrongfully incarcerated when the better solution is rehabilitation. 

For the ones who are in jail, they can relate to the need to reform the judicial system."
13,"Substance use is one of the largest issues we face in America! I’ve been to rehabilitation and have talked with hundreds of people about addiction. 

NA/AA groups without a centralized authority(for members by members) is the best method to helping people not use. https://t.co/K821q0O02f"
14,"RT @HaydenTLaCelle: @SCOTUSblog Let me put this on the record: this WILL have severe ramifications.

More mass shootings.
More killings.
Mo…"
15,"RT @rosadelauro: School lunch waivers expire on June 30.
 
@HouseGOP insisted on an offset - “No waivers without an offset.”
 
We need to f…"
16,"9/11, 1/6, WMDs, mass shootings, corporate alliance, are all lies and attacks on the American people by the elitists of the world to gain their own power.

When will we have a government (politicians, high/low level government officials and employees) that works for us."
17,RT @igorbobic: A staffer for Ron Johnson texted a Pence aide and told him that Johnson wished to hand-deliver fake elector slates from MI a…
18,"@JoAnnLChateau It’s too early to force any kids vaccines. We have no real data but of only a few people. The 5,000 nurses and doctors who have died from Covid vaccines… what do we say about those. 

I believe, and I think most Americans believe the view point of the gov Desantis."
19,Officials want to stay in office until they die. We need them to step down in order to push back against any evil politicians who are pushing agendas that are not the Americans mindset.
20,"Both Democrats and Republicans are right. We can push policies if both are willing the compromise on issues to create meaningful legislation.

Our public health system is not helping Americans. Instead it’s a global government biomedical takeover

We need American specific health"
21,"Evil globalists are attacking our country from all fronts. The 1% is not on our side. Large hedge funds, corporations, and big money think tanks are out for profit and the working class is paying the bill.

Everything from child vaccines, gas hikes, food storage, and other evils."
22,Instead of pushing optimism we are still seeing politicians attacking each other over far right and far left agendas. We should see more politicians sticking with their own agendas and stop creating negativity.
23,"RT @FinancialCmte: Chair Powell is right. This record inflation is Democrat-induced.

Newsflash to the @WhiteHouse and Democrats: It isn't…"
24,"RT @clarajanehen: Michigan Senate committee vote Thursday cleared way for $100 million incentive for Ford, which has vowed to spend about $…"
25,RT @judyp63: My friend in FL had a job 148k yr. She was fired when she got cancer!!!  Health ins before was $248 a month!  New job pays onl…
26,"Our children should not be subject to shots until we see proper testing with positive results. 

We should single out democrats who are forcing a false narrative about Covid shots."
27,RT @RepValDemings: Critical for our Inflation Action Plan: bring down gas prices. I’m fighting for a crackdown on gas companies seeing reco…
28,"In reality, the greatest threat to our nation is government. Everyone is subject to government. There is not authority but From God. Leaders who do evil should fear the consequences of God. 

We are seeing the government praise evil doers and punish the ones who do good."
29,RT @SenSanders: $2.5 billion in federal funding went to Moderna. The company’s CEO then received a $926 million golden parachute. Does that…
30,Gas prices are high because the big gas companies are price gouging. We know the truth.
31,@ballotpedia
32,The 1% is taking over and we’re doing nothing about it!
33,@garyvee What would you say to parents who are seeing their kids sacrifice their grades for an unrealistic dream like being the next social media star or entrepreneur?
34,RT @SenSanders: Ban the sale and distribution of assault weapons. Prohibit high-capacity magazines. Expand background checks. End the gun s…
35,Just a working class guy.
36,"I wouldn't expect any less from this corporation... 

The lack of care for their workers shows that they have no good faith. https://t.co/O3DRob4EbH"
37,"This is the problem with American Politics... Big money politicians who can care less who they get their money from. 

I'm the only write in candidate who hasn't taken money from ANYONE!

Why would you support this behavior?
You know people are fed up with the “elitists”... https://t.co/w0Cto5t0v1"
38,"Michael Jackson said it best “All I wanna say is that they don't really care about us”.

How much longer must people wait to have clean water. This is the united states, this shouldn't be a problem. https://t.co/54g3Hp5R3l"
39,"Covid-19 is real, but there are too many who don't trust the science for a reason. https://t.co/IGk5M41Uwe"
40,"The American people deserve to know exactly what happened on September 11th, 2001 but we seen politics get in the way. 

We can already expect to see sellout democrats give a false narrative just like the Republicans did on 9/11.

This “show” of bad leadership is not acceptable! https://t.co/4aKYJsOOES"
41,"RT @SojoAction: Tell Congress: End gun violence! The America we believe in is a place where people can go to school, run daily errands, and…"
42,"How Families Are Quitting Their Jobs To Triple Their Income In Fewer Than 90 Days!

Download This Free Booklet NOW!
BONUS: Rich Dad Poor Dad PDF
https://t.co/36iDMbTy8A https://t.co/2QqiR7okp5"
43,A young women with kids and no job doesn’t have to pay any money for her medicine but an older citizen forced on Medicare has lost their insurance copay. LOWER THE DAMN COST OF MEDICATION!
44,It’s time we vote for Medicare to have the ability to negotiate prescription drug prices like the VA does.
45,@lsarsour Must be a troll move to piss us democrats off. People do that btw.
46,"@WorkingFamilies I literally ran TWO CAMPAIGNS with NO MONEY and you guys denied every chance of acknowledgment to me. Wasted all that time when I could have been getting a degree. 

All I can say is good luck. 😂 😂 😂"
47,"⭐️ Housing Rights
⭐️ Immigration Reform
⭐️ Educational System Reform
⭐️ Criminal Justice Reform
⭐️ Racial Justice
⭐️ Tax the Rich
⭐️ Corporate Accountability
⭐️ Gun Safety
⭐️ The American Dream"
48,"🇺🇸 Platform 🇺🇸 
⭐️ Made in America
⭐️ Supporting Veterans 
⭐️ Tackle the Climate Emergency
⭐️ People with Disabilities
⭐️ United Workers
⭐️ Power to Women’s Liberties
⭐️ Medicare for All
⭐️ Public Safety
⭐️ LGBTQIA+
⭐️ Aging with Dignity
⭐️ Small Businesses Justice"
49,@RepStefanik @All435Reps I bought 50 year life shelf food back in 2012
50,https://t.co/itKQdOWHzv
