Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"The latest election results show that I managed to get over 100,000 votes and 31.3% of the vote. For the first Democratic Socialist to run for major office in Mississippi, this is an excellent result and stands up to 2018 percentages. I encourage progressives everywhere to run! https://t.co/iNs9LDHpig"
1,"@JodyLMoore2 2022 is a long way off, but likely not. I'd like to work on community organizing and help support grassroots candidates at the local level in particular. My work restrictions make it prohibitively difficult to run, especially when combined with family obligations. But who knows?"
2,"To the 85,000+ people who voted for me: thank you. To everyone who contributed to my campaign, who supported my ideas, and who believed in me: thank you. We will be putting together a podcast in the next couple of months about the campaign so stay tuned."
3,@chefcarney Thank you! Your support has been amazing.
4,"One hour left to vote in Mississippi. If you're in line, no matter how long it is, when the polls close you will be allowed to vote. Vote for the people. Vote for me. Vote for @MikeEspyMS. Vote for a 21st century Mississippi."
5,"I voted. Thank you to my amazing campaign staff who have worked so hard to keep us going and be innovative during a pandemic. Thank you to all my supporters. Thank you all. Now go vote, if you haven't already! https://t.co/2D5KPFXrQF"
6,"- Medicare for All
- A Green New Deal
- Workers’ Rights 
- Prison and Police Reform
- Marijuana Legalization 

These are my core values, and I promise that if you vote for me on Nov. 3, I will fight for the rights of everyone I represent. 

#Antonia4MS1 #M4A #BLM #VoteBlue2020 https://t.co/RjGhulnXuE"
7,"On Tuesday, we will face one of the most significant elections of our lifetime. If you are eligible to vote, please go vote if you haven't already. But when the election is over, keep building community networks and work to elect local candidates that represent your values."
8,"With only a few days until the election, Mississippians, please remember to vote yes on House Concurrent Resolution 47 - Ballot measure 2 . This will get rid of a racist relic of our 1890 Constitution and allows candidates to win with a simple majority. https://t.co/JxWKp0yhP6"
9,Election is in a few days! Please vote for progress. I will fight for all Mississippians! https://t.co/xjSfIDDkuJ
10,"Here, in their own words, are:
-Alonzo Hilliard, Veteran, LOU Mercy Reentry Ministries, Lynching Memorialization in Lafeyette County, MS, Take It Down Rally speaker
- Antonio Tarrell, Cinematographer, Photographer, small business owner (beauty salon and film/photography) 2/2"
11,"On October 26, I invited some constituents and justice activists from Northeast Mississippi to share their thoughts about the broader issues of justice as they affect our communities. 1/1
https://t.co/TREt2nOeeT"
12,A reminder that you have to vote first FOR either Initiative 65 or 65A and then also vote FOR 65. Both steps are required. Let's legalize medical marijuana! #vote65 https://t.co/xyoE5i4m2u
13,"A few weeks ago, I had a conversation with a number of healthcare professionals from my district. Here is a comprehensive look at some of the key takeaways from that discussion. (There's audio so please scroll through with your sound on!)
https://t.co/0pQ84hdVha"
14,"We've got just over a week until the election. Vote! And if you're in the Northeast Mississippi in District 1, vote for me. I will represent your interests as people over the interests of corporations and insurance companies. We are better together! #ANewLeafForMississippi"
15,It was an honor to participate in this event sponsored by the National Pan-Hellenic Council tonight with the wonderful @AundreaSelf and @ScottColom as moderators. Thank you for the great questions. https://t.co/1FNCHnyObV
16,We need affordable prescription drugs and universal healthcare. This should not be controversial.  https://t.co/aC3ggA2w5K
17,"Thank you for the DeSoto County NAACP for hosting a virtual forum for candidates tonight. It was a lively and engaging discussion, and a reminder that with 11 days left until the election, we must all vote. Vote for me and vote for @MikeEspyMS on or before Nov. 3!"
18,"Disenfranchisement of any members of our society is cruel and undemocratic. The right to vote belongs to all of us, regardless of any past conviction or current incarceration."
19,"Really looking forward to participating in the DeSoto County NAACP Virtual Townhall this Friday, Oct. 23 at 6pm. The event will be livestreamed on the DeSoto County NAACP Facebook page, so please tune in! https://t.co/GQ4i9ScMwX"
20,"The most blatant yet often overlooked form of voter suppression - felony disenfranchisement. More than 1 in 10 voting-age people in our state simply aren't allowed to vote at all. Among Black Mississippians, it's 1 in 6. This is completely unacceptable for a democracy. https://t.co/7oe6wOyHZe"
21,I'm taking aim at our broken healthcare system. Americans and Mississippians deserve better. Our lives and health are more important than greedy corporations who are only interested in profit. #M4A #UniversalHealthcare https://t.co/aC3ggA2w5K
22,"@MoString Thank you, @MoString - I miss our early morning hours discussions."
23,"Too often, we forget about the creative arts and about all the opportunities that exist in our great state. Imagine if we were to provide opportunities for the film industry like the state of Georgia has done... 
2/2"
24,"Working with a professional film crew to film and produce our campaign ad was an incredible experience. Dead Leaf Productions is based out of Tupelo, right here in District 1. 
1/2 https://t.co/wbysZsZQjP"
25,"There may not be a silver bullet for healthcare, but there is Antonia Eliason. 

Stay tuned for our campaign ad. 👀

#AntoniaForCongress #AntoniaForMisssissippi #Antonia4MS1 https://t.co/0gMqef84i0"
26,We are the only state without early voting for all. During a pandemic. This is shameful and a clear example of voter suppression.  https://t.co/Tgv6PlJfaJ
27,@Mayukhkirandatt Thank you for participating! It was a pleasure to meet you and to hear your ideas. Here's to many more such conversations!
28,"Discussion hosted by and captioning paid for by the Antonia for Mississippi Campaign Committee.

4/4"
29,"-Mayukh Datta, Mississippi State University Senior; MSU Climate Reality Project, EEECHO (Educational, Environmental,Economic Community Health Organization of Gulfport), Starkville

-Catherine Janasie, Research Counsel, Mississippi Law Research Institute, Oxford

3/4"
30,"With Campaign Manager Forrest Jenkins moderating, I’m happy to share the video of our discussion. Here, in their own words, are:
-Lydia Koltai, Herbalist at Elder Moon Apothecary; Citizens Climate Lobby, Oxford

-Steve Depew, Soil Scientist (retired) USDA-NRCS, Tupelo

2/4"
31,"On October 8, I invited climate change and environmental activists, scientists, and legal experts from Northeast Mississippi to share their thoughts about the growing climate crisis and what steps we can take as communities to address them. 1/4
https://t.co/Dwa27D5pLo"
32,"Initiative 65 is based on science and responsible medical care. Big Marijuana (as far as that exists) has nothing to do with this bill. 65A is pure politics to keep Mississippians from having access to necessary care. #vote65 
https://t.co/DVRcd9lnoP"
33,"We are forging community and building infrastructure for a more progressive future. I see a bright future for us, because our spirits refuse to be dimmed and instead are lit by the fuel of just causes. 2/2"
34,Thank you to Indivisible Northeast Mississippi for having me speak at their meeting today. Speaking to constituents who believe in progressive causes gets me fired up and reminds me that it's shameful that Mississippi Dems are routinely written off by the rest of the country. 1/2
35,"Even with my academic hat on, I'm writing about things that are key to my political campaign. The way we look at drugs domestically and internationally is problematic and we need to legalize medical cannabis as a tiny first step. Please vote for Initiative 65 (NOT 65A) on Nov. 3. https://t.co/u8ycxT2LKz"
36,"How about both? We cannot wait while a Trump-packed Court strips away decades of progress of human rights. Court expansion is the best immediate solution, then we can follow up with (long) term limits to help prevent this same crisis in the future. https://t.co/jOMEHKSr1h"
37,"Just recorded a fantastic climate change panel with some of the most knowledgeable and passionate folks I've had the good fortune of talking to on this subject. We'll be posting it in the next few days, so stay tuned. I came out of this conversation hopeful."
38,"The climate change responses were shameful. To repeatedly defend fracking and to provide no solutions or alternatives was embarrassing. It's like no one recognizes the urgency of climate change, and no one will until the coastal regions are all underwater. https://t.co/f0hIHyo1oC"
39,@B1Crusade @chefcarney Throughout my campaign I have been clear on this: I believe in direct monetary reparations for descendants of slaves. I don't have all the answers now but I am learning who the voices are to listen to in order to make this a reality.  https://t.co/btW44iyAHQ
40,@keishajones @chefcarney is #ADOS based in Southern Mississippi and has been in contact with me over the course of my campaign.
41,"Tomorrow I'm recording a virtual panel discussion on climate change with folks from my district. We did one last month on healthcare, available unedited on my social media. While @RepTrentKelly preaches behind closed doors, we prioritize the safety of our constituents. https://t.co/kR5P4acGeh"
42,"We've only got a few weeks left. This is the final push and we need funds to do digital and mail advertising before the election. We're entirely grassroots funded. I'm fighting for racial &amp; environmental justice. I'm fighting for the people. 
https://t.co/Mu6zMkiUvA"
43,A #GreenNewDeal  means MORE jobs for Americans. Manufacturing jobs. Not service jobs. New technologies. A chance to become a world leader in fighting climate change and developing a sustainable future for our country. Joe Biden SHOULD ban fracking. #VicePresidentialDebate2020
44,"We should abolish fossil fuels. To fight climate change, we need to come up with renewable sources. First step: end fossil fuel subsidies."
45,"The pandemic is having a disproportionate impact on women, on whom the responsibilities of childcare most often fall. We have no paid leave and no infrastructure to help women deal with these obligations. As a country, we are failing our women. 
https://t.co/kqAaG3z8vL"
46,I've said this before. Let me reiterate: I support reparations for slavery. I want to see legislation at both state and federal levels that provides for reparations to those who have suffered due to slavery. Other countries have managed reparations. We can too. #ReparationsNow
47,"Fannie Lou Hamer's birthday was Oct. 6, 1917. Her courage, her perseverance, and her political and social activism inspire. When I was approached to run for Congress, her words, ""I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired"" echoed through my head. It is because of her that I run."
48,@CoriBush says it better than I could. Read this thread. Everything she says is absolute truth. https://t.co/KOdSND8Co7
49,"Few voices speak of and from and to Mississippi like that of @KieseLaymon. In his words: ""We cannot love Mississippi and accept Cindy Hyde-Smith as a senator of the Blackest, most abundant state in this nation. We do not have to be this way.""
https://t.co/jUSfzQfqWz"
50,Alito and Thomas's words today were dangerous. Religious liberty means freedom of and from religion as you see fit. It does not mean imposing your views on others. I stand with the LGBTQ+ community. This right was fought for and is constitutional.  https://t.co/MHKdMl9ZW0
51,"Every American deserves healthcare. While the president tells us not to be afraid of COVID-19 while receiving the best care possible, currently, many Americans are afraid of treatable conditions like high blood pressure because they can't afford any medical care at all."
52,"This week I'll be recording a panel on climate change with some experts from my district. From insect population collapse to climate grief, I see its effects around me on a daily basis. I want to hear ways in which climate change is impacting your life. Drop a comment or DM me."
53,Neither candidate understands the urgency of climate change. End fossil fuel subsidies.
54,End fossil fuel subsidies. This would be a huge step towards combating climate change.
55,@realDonaldTrump you want crystal clean water and air but you repeal EPA regulations. And you're focused on raking forests. Climate change is the greatest threat we've ever faced. Repealing laws won't do it. We need renewable energy. FOREST FIRES DON'T CAUSE CLIMATE CHANGE!
56,This is not a debate. This is a disgrace.
57,"""The African American population community"" tells you all you need to know. Follow that with a list of support of law enforcement and a shout out to law and order, and you know that this is exactly the dog whistle that Biden has called Trump out for. #BLM #DefundThePolice"
58,"We need universal healthcare. We need #MedicareForAll. We need more than just ObamaCare because we need something that can't be reduced, can't be marginalized, can't be picked at - we need healthcare for ALL Americans. ALL the time."
59,"@realDonaldTrump you say that drug prices are coming down. It's going to go down, you say. Insulin is like water, you say. My constituents haven't experienced this. This is pure grandstanding. Instead, the price of COVID-19 drugs has increased."
60,"A reminder that while climate change isn't included as a topic for tonight's debate, it's the single greatest threat to ever face humankind. This is an existential threat that should be at the center of discussion. Doing nothing isn't a solution. It won't go away if we ignore it."
61,"The very wealthy and large corporations in America pay far too little in taxes. When normal folks pay a lot more in federal taxes each year than people like Donald Trump, it's time to revisit the system and make sure that those who can least afford it don't bear all the burden."
62,"Discussion hosted by and captioning paid for by the Antonia for Mississippi Campaign Committee.

8/8"
63,I realized I knew less about how this system affects the health care professionals who work in the hospitals or own small businesses that serve the people in this district. Speaking to these amazing healthcare professionals was really eye-opening. 7/8
64,"I know America’s current system (heavy regulation of access by private insurance companies, arbitrary geographic and income boundaries) reduces access to health coverage for individuals. 6/8"
65,"Health care consumers with consistent, affordable access to basic health services enjoy greater financial security than those who do not. The countries that invest in health care for all enjoy the economic benefits of their residents’ long term health and financial security. 5/8"
66,"My commitment to universal health care begins with my understanding that every person needs professional health care, and health care professionals are worth investing in. 4/8"
67,"-Keri Mills, PharmD, BCPS, ICU Pharmacist, Baptist Memorial Hospital, Columbus
-Dr. Chris Park, MD, Physician, Park Medical Clinic, Pontotoc.

3/8"
68,"With campaign manager Forrest Jenkins moderating, here, in their own words, are:
-Dr. Joshua Fulwiler, Ph.D., Clinical Psychologist, Cardinal Clinical Consulting, Tupelo
-Bridgett Green, MSN, NP-C, Nurse Practitioner, Oxford Specialty Clinic, Oxford
2/8"
69,"On Sept. 21, 2020, I invited professional health care providers from around District 1 to share their experiences and challenges in delivering the best care to their patients. I’m happy to share the video of our discussion. 1/8
https://t.co/Vl4vRuLIlx"
70,"I want to see cannabis legalized recreationally and medically at a federal level. But right now, in Mississippi, we have a chance to take the first step and legalize medical marijuana. Vote for Initiative 65 NOT for Initiative 65A. #vote65 https://t.co/8lCPjvkP3X 2/2"
71,I strongly believe in legalizing cannabis. I've written extensively on the subject with @howserob. Here's an academic article we wrote looking at international law implications of legalization through the lens of Canada's bill. #LegalizeMarijuana 1/2 https://t.co/WkdwR13elr
72,"Curious where I stand on issues? Read more about my platform in Mississippi Today's 2020 Voter Guide.
https://t.co/cNISBdyPgM"
73,RT @KieseLaymon: The grand jury focused on a fictional person who could have been shot when an actual Black woman is dead from real bullets…
74,Important information on voting absentee in Mississippi. Please read and share widely. https://t.co/y2T7JkqxRc
75,@wspittman Apologies if that tweet was unclear. I did not mean it to be read as such. I am making this absolutely clear now: court expansion is the best immediate solution and something we need to pursue now. I try to be as clear as possible in my tweets but I fell short this time.
76,"@wspittman I would happily see an expansion of the courts right now, and I absolutely support it, but I think we must be open to discussing the possibility of long-term reform at the same time."
77,"When a nation sits on the edge of their seats based on the health of Supreme Court Justices, there is something fundamentally flawed with the system. Having (long) term limits would be the best way to fix it. More justices is an easier solution, but sometimes easier isn't best."
78,"Opposition to Initiative 65 is pure fear-mongering. Vote to legalize medical marijuana for those who need it - vote for 65 NOT for 65A, which would limit it to terminally ill patients. #votefor65 #legalizemarijuana
https://t.co/SuhmnDcwwa"
79,"Tonight I did a virtual panel on healthcare with some amazing healthcare professionals from my district. We'll be posting it in the next few days, so stay tuned. This is the first in a series of listening sessions with constituents on issues that matter to me and to our district."
80,"It's speculative. Small scale investing is unlikely to make you rich. Markets themselves aren't tied to actual values of assets, companies, or anything real. It's just a form of super legitimized gambling that we've accepted as a metric for how well our real economy is doing. 2/2"
81,"The idea that if more people could invest in the financial markets we would have less wealth inequality is like saying that if more people had access to baccarat tables, we'd have more rich people. 1/2
https://t.co/muCQcLH60d"
82,"The loss of Ruth Bader Ginsburg is an immense loss for our country and for our judiciary. She was an inspiration for generations of women law students and lawyers and her tenacity, character and commitment to her profession was something all lawyers should aspire to."
83,"""Strikes and work stoppages are illegal in Mississippi."" That's the problem. This gives employers the power to dictate the terms and conditions that workers face while silencing them. I will fight for workers' rights. I will fight for the right to strike. I will fight for unions. https://t.co/dyxLkKSYOS"
84,"This should not be controversial. ICE is neither necessary, nor a constitutionally mandated part of our government. ICE is a tool of oppression and directly responsible for committing crimes against humanity. #AbolishICE https://t.co/PLZThri5Dx"
85,"We need to support rural initiatives that endorse in universal healthcare, sustainable agricultural policies and rural concerns from a progressive standpoint. As a Mississippi progressive, rural policies are front and center to my campaign. #GreenNewDeal #M4A #VoteAntonia https://t.co/bhtIUqWaGd"
86,"Nine years ago I was released from the hospital after nearly dying from a severe kidney infection. I was hospitalized for several days, pumped full of IV antibiotics, given pain medication, X-rayed. The cost? $0. Because I was in England. I want that for Americans too. #M4A"
87,The sample ballot for Mississippi on the medical marijuana vote is intentionally hard to understand. You will need to vote both for the approval of either initiative AND also for initiative 65. DO NOT VOTE FOR 65A! #legalizemarijuana  #MedicalCannabis #votefor65 https://t.co/gPAU7E1G6W
88,"On the same day that our amazing athletes protested against police brutality, our mayor chose to challenge a Black man's experience with the Oxford police through a Twitter thread attacking his character. That is not how we move towards justice and equality. #AbolishThePolice https://t.co/fVbxirOYXF"
89,"From the NBA to the NHL to our most vulnerable unpaid college athletes, we are seeing an unprecedented mass movement of athletes standing up against racial injustice. We must stand together, and not just on social media. #BlackLivesMatter #AbolishPolice
https://t.co/pvgtHQtbRi"
90,"Using stock market performance as a proxy for economic growth is like telling tenants to be happy that the real estate market is booming where they're renting. Most workers don't see any of the market gains, much like tenants don't benefit from increased real estate prices."
91,"When I see folks at the RNC describing the horrors that progressive politics would bring, while living in a country that fails all but the richest, I get mad. I believe in the power of the people. I believe that working class Americans deserve more opportunities. I believe in US!"
92,"A reminder that Breonna Taylor's killers still walk free. Now that the summer is over, it's too easy for white folks to go back to being complacent over the violent deaths of black folks at the hands of the police. #BlackLivesMatter #BreonnaTaylorsKillersAreFree #AbolishThePolice"
93,"We need housing laws that protect tenants over landlords. In Mississippi, landlords hold all the power. That puts many vulnerable folks in precarious positions and makes existing structural inequities worse. 
https://t.co/BfIls8tIK5"
94,"Abolish private prisons and end mass incarceration. Prisoners from Vermont shouldn't be in Mississippi private prisons. The prison industrial complex is all about profit and never about rehabilitation or restorative justice. #abolishprisons
https://t.co/glEF7YuxGY"
95,"We are failing our students and our teachers. If you can't provide teachers with adequate cleaning supplies right now, you shouldn't have class in person. End of story. https://t.co/filzN1Fxe5"
96,@AratoJulian @HawkbitAlpha Knowing Mississippi and flags...
97,"We pretend to care about teachers but we don't. They are at once essential and yet expendable. We underpay them and overwork them. Teaching should be a lifelong vocation, not a 2 year gig. Pay them better, value them, and cut back on standardized testing.
https://t.co/MMOsHkoOMm"
98,"While I am still deeply disappointed that we won't have a chance to have the mosquito flag, since that was something that could have unified our whole state, after much reflection I've decided that my favorite of the nine is no. 1. https://t.co/uvAcDnqwgA"
99,"The mental health toll of the virus isn't being adequately addressed. In a country that doesn't provide health care to its citizens, mental health care is the least prioritized. #M4A means not just physical health care for all but also mental health care. We all deserve better."
