Unnamed: 0,Text
0,God Bless President Trump for nominating constitutional originalists to the Supreme Court!
1,"This is a victory not just for our city, but for the Constitution and the foundation of our republic. In our nation and every other nation on Earth, only citizens are granted the right to vote.
https://t.co/SZRAJjUZlM"
2,Praise God! Supreme Court upholds religious freedom yet again today. We have the right to pray and express ourselves in public. May God have mercy on us and continue to guide us. God Bless #SCOTUS justices who sided with God and the Constitution. https://t.co/cghsyRW683
3,I hope all of you had a wonderful weekend with your loved ones. I would like to dedicate this good night message to all of the children we lost to abortion in the past. May God keep you in peace forever. We pray for you. Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!
4,Good morning fellow patriots! Today is the first Sunday since #RoeVsWade has been overturned. Please be safe going to mass this morning and pray more today for the safety and health of the unborn and the living on Earth. May God have mercy on us and may He Bless us all.
5,@digital_bestie @SternFBSuperfan @RepLeeZeldin I like the Giulianis and Trump. I don’t hate them at all. But I think Zeldin is the best candidate for general and who can lead our state in right direction again.
6,Voted early for @RepLeeZeldin He is the candidate who can defeat Governor Hochul in November and help to move our state in the right direction again. Please vote for Lee Zeldin for Governor in GOP Primary this weekend or on Tuesday. For a better NY for all. https://t.co/284SfjK991
7,"Praise God! Supreme Court overturns Roe V Wade. The states have the right to determine this issue, not the federal government. We must always protect the lives of both women and the unborn. The sanctity of life must always be upheld. May God Bless us.
https://t.co/dXxjlgdf2e"
8,RT @ACTforAmerica: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO JUSTICE CLARENCE THOMAS! 🇺🇸
9,I proudly endorse @SenMikeLee for reelection from the great state of Utah! Mike is one of the best senators in office today and has worked hard the past 12 years defending our constitutional rights. We need his leadership in the Senate. Please vote Senator Lee on Tuesday in Utah!
10,"This is a big win for law abiding New Yorkers and for the Second Amendment. We have the right to protect ourselves from danger without the permission from the government. It is our God given right. 
https://t.co/EPEaMXBVum"
11,In recognition of #PTSDAwarenessMonth I would like to dedicate this good night message to those struggling with PTSD. We are with you and your loved ones always. Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!
12,I proudly endorse @KellyForAlaska Lisa Murkowski has proven to be one of the most incompetent senators in office now. Alaska deserves someone who will fight for their values and principles. And that person is Kelly Tshibaka. Please vote in the critical primary August 16!
13,Congrats @yestoyesli on a historic win in tonight’s primary in Virginia’s 7th district! I proudly endorse Yesli Vega for Congress to be a voice of reason in Washington. We need her bold leadership to help stand up to the Far Left. November is when we will make history again.
14,Congrats @JenKiggans on a big win tonight! Residents of Virginia’s 2nd district sent a clear message that they are fed up with the status quo in Washington and they want change. Onward to victory again in November.
15,Please read article from my good friend @NICKBKNYUSA about the ongoing inflation crisis in our country. November is when we take back our country from the Left Wing agenda. https://t.co/t77BmaVVeZ
16,We need more America First conservatives and less Establishment rinos in Congress. Please do your civic duty and vote in your local primaries. It is critical we elect those that will fight for our well being and principles.
17,"I hope all of you had a nice Fathers Day/ Juneteenth Weekend with your loved ones. May the Lord always be with all of us everyday. And may He bring unlimited peace, good health, happiness, and love in our lives. Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!"
18,@BillKristol When are you joining the Democratic Party? They must be begging to have you over to their side.
19,@frequentbuyer1 @ForNanie Happy birthday to your mother. I hope she had a nice day.
20,"Tomorrow are critical primaries/ runoffs. Please vote @JenKiggans in VA2, @VernonForGA in GA10, and @JakeEvansGA in GA6 tomorrow. We need their voices in Congress to fight for our fundamental rights and stand up against the Left Wing Agenda."
21,@JosefinaHartle1 Exactly. We were and always will be the party of civil rights
22,"As we observe #Juneteenth today, we reflect on that call in Galveston, TX 157 years ago that slaves were finally free. It was a day that sparked a new era of freedom and equality in our nation. We have made the most progress than any country in the history of the world."
23,"Wishing all of the dads and father figures out there a happy and Blessed #FathersDay ! We thank you for all you do everyday. Have a wonderful day filled with unlimited happiness, love, and relaxation. https://t.co/dQfMvUFg2E"
24,"This is the result of institutions taking God out of their facilities. We need to restore the faith in God so we may live in a more peaceful, compassionate, and decent society. May God always be with us. https://t.co/IH52UQSBXB"
25,The most a gallon of milk has ever cost in Costco. Thanks Biden! https://t.co/DE0mai4POT
26,@RealBKReps @KingsCountyGOP Amen to that. It’s all starts grassroots and involves team work to start winning again.
27,We have and always will be the party of diversity. https://t.co/Xugz8rpm2v
28,Well seems like going against your own constituents really has consequences. Congrats @RussellFrySC on a big victory last night! You will represent your constituents well. We need more #AmericaFirst candidates in Congress. https://t.co/cxlmqrj8K6
29,"After tonight’s wonderful victory in TX34, for the first time in modern history, more Hispanics have voted for a GOP candidate than a DEM candidate in a primary. Hispanics are leading the path to freedom and prosperity again. #RedWave2022"
30,RT @MayraFlores2022: This historic win will bring back God to the halls of Congress! This win is for the people who were ignored for so lon…
31,Congrats @MayraFlores2022 on winning tonight's special election in TX34! Mayra became the first Republican to win this congressional seat in 100 years and the first Mexican born member of Congress. We made history together for a brighter future for our beloved nation. https://t.co/SL2koasHCx
32,Less than 3 hours left till polls close in TX34. Please cast your vote for @MayraFlores2022 We need a strong conservative who will fight for our values and principles in Washington. This is our chance to finally flip this longtime Democratic district. Let’s do it together. https://t.co/6FqaMQw6p3
33,"Happy birthday to one of the greatest presidents we ever had, Donald J. Trump! Hope you have a nice day Mr. President. We miss you. #AmericaFirst https://t.co/tM6IODYWGC"
34,"Happy #FlagDay to all of you and your loved ones. Our flag is the greatest symbol of freedom, liberty, and prosperity in the world. We are proud patriotic Americans and we are fortunate to live in the greatest and bravest nation in the world. May God Bless America! https://t.co/qIzPMNVvCv"
35,"Tomorrow is an important election in TX34. If you haven’t voted already, please vote for @MayraFlores2022 for Congress tomorrow! We need her voice in Congress to stand up to the Far Left Agenda. Let’s win this tomorrow! https://t.co/JClD3LJRJi"
36,@SarahPalinUSA Congrats @SarahPalinUSA I know you’ll make a wonderful congresswoman. It will bring so much hope to many if you pull this off in August.
37,I hope all of you had a nice weekend with your loved ones. I want to thank all of you for your prayers as I struggled through Covid the past few days. I have been feeling much better. Ivermectin has been a life saving medication. I thank God for this recovery. Stay safe everyone.
38,@GiriWaltz Really? Is that why Ivermectin is helping so many people? I started taking it two days ago and I’m feeling much better. Like I didn’t have Covid to begin with.
39,@Carmeli07652649 Some doctors are able to prescribe it
40,@CoryMillsFL He wouldn’t even be hired
41,@s_considine1 It puzzles me why he would recommend us to get the vaccine and he said he got it. I guess because he helped to launch operation warp speed
42,@StacyK_dance4me @RepSwalwell That is a very nice thing to say to someone who is suffering with Covid now
43,"@DrAdamAneevit I had to get vaccinated last year for my job. Didn’t want to, but had no choice. Had to work to support myself and family. I usually get sick in summer, but just got Covid first time two days ago. Feeling better after taking Ivermectin. I said no thank you to Paxlovid."
44,"- Market 📉 900 points today
- 85 million on Medicaid
- 42 million on food stamps
- Inflation at 8.6%
- ⛽️ prices over $5/gallon
- Over $30 trillion in debt 
- Over $4 trillion spent by feds in a year
- Interest rates doubled 

This is an economic crisis under Biden’s leadership."
45,@nanacook69 @RepSwalwell That bill would do nothing to decrease cost of gas. Just because it says gas price gouging bill doesn’t mean it would actually help. Tell the admistration to drill for oil here to create jobs and decease costs. Instead he listens to extremists
46,"@RepSwalwell What constructive thing have you done for your district and the country? Nothing but to drill our nation down the tube. Millions are paying more for gas, groceries, and other products. Yet you’re silent on that. Disgraceful"
47,"@GovKathyHochul Btw, when are you going to investigate the thousands of deaths in nursing homes during height of pandemic? Where is the justice for the families of loved ones? You are a disgrace to our state."
48,@RepSwalwell @HouseGOP Why are you even following me? Are you spying on me or should that be the job of your mistress?
49,@PassannanteJon What a horrible tragedy. Byrd should be prosecuted. This was murder. Ashli Babbit deserves justice.
50,"Never forget the thousands of Covid positive seniors that died in nursing homes, many others were injured or died in Covid related illness. Yet there is little accountability. We need Justice for those we lost and their loved ones."
51,"@GovKathyHochul You should be ashamed of yourself to regulate life saving treatment for those of us struggling with Covid. You and your elitist friends have all the access to everything you need, but us on the bottom have to go through hurdles. You have no shame."
52,"Dr. Fauci should be in jail for his reckless and inexcusable actions. And the Chinese government, along with this administration, should be held accountable for the Covid destruction they put on our country for over two years."
53,"Thousands of innocent Americans had life saving treatment withheld from them, resulting in many unnecessary injuries and deaths. Those in power responsible for this senseless and horrific act against humanity should be imprisoned. There needs to be accountability."
54,If you test positive for #COVID19 contact doctors immediately that will prescribe the real life saving drugs such as Ivermectin and HCQ. Or find facility that will give monoclonal antibody treatment. Don’t let government and Big Pharma stand in way of life saving treatment.
55,"This is horrific. The crime on our streets is increasing by the day. We need our leaders to step up and fix our broken system to protect our communities. We need to repeal bail reform and keep hard core criminals in jail. 
https://t.co/9lLxvo4dHn"
56,"Just awful. May God Bless these brave Marines and their loved ones during this difficult time. 
https://t.co/2JFCS6RClf"
57,I tested positive for COVID-19. Please get access to life saving medication and treatments if you test positive such as HCQ. I will be back to work in person once I’m better. Please take precautions while out. May God Bless all of you.
58,@NICKBKNYUSA @newsmax Great article Nick. We need to have constructive conversations and solutions to these horrific issues in our nation.
59,"Work hard towards your goals, spread kindness to those you come across, and be the biggest inspiration you can be. Never forget just how unique you are and that God loves you very much. Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!"
60,"On this 78th anniversary of D-Day, we remember those who have served during the Battle of Normandy and throughout World War II. We thank you for your dedicated service to our beloved nation and the heroism you showed on the battlefield. We can never forget you and your courage. https://t.co/gv2nxdka1r"
61,RT @GOP: Retweet 🔁 if you are grateful to live in the United States of America!
62,"@SpeakerPelosi Then why don’t you and the president do something about it? It’s the massive spending you, other congressional democrats, and the president have contributed to the country that has resulted in record high gas prices and inflation. Stop putting the blame on Putin and companies."
63,@GavinWax @NYYRC Great job guys! Thank you for working hard to register voters. I wish the leadership in our local parties took the time and made an effort to register new voters.
64,"I would like to wish my Aunt Maria a happy and blessed birthday! Thank you for everything you have done and continue to do for our family. Wishing you many more years of good health, happiness, and success. Can’t wait to see you again when things get better."
65,"@deuce2shady @ACTBrigitte The best economy ever, peace treaties with Middle East, and made organizations and institutions pay their fair share."
66,Congratulations @DrOz on a hard fought primary! You will make a great Senator. We need to come together to defeat Fetterman in the general. On to November! https://t.co/pEkWi0Hi08
67,@ACTBrigitte Trump was best president of my lifetime. Biden is the worst by far
68,I proudly endorse @YoungKimCA for reelection in CA40! Congresswoman Kim has always fought for our constitutional rights and against the Far Left agenda. She will continue to put our benefit first if re elected. Please vote in the primary this Tuesday!
69,"The polices of Donald Trump kept us safe, secure, and prosperous. The policies of Joe Biden have kept us less safe, less secure, and depressed. We miss President Trump. We need to get back to #AmericaFirst policies again."
70,"Many Hispanics hold conservative values and they are realizing the Democratic Party is not their party. We are the party of hard work, liberty, family values, and God. We welcome all to our party who represent our values. 
https://t.co/5GZvTOmhNC"
71,"We have a great opportunity to pick up our first house seat this year in the special election in TX34 next Tuesday. Please vote @MayraFlores2022 She is the leader South Texas and the nation needs during these tough times. We can make history together. 
https://t.co/G9lHFdReDe"
72,"President Biden’s speech last night is a reminder that our rights are under attack and that the Far Left agenda is destroying the foundation of our republic. The Bill of Rights, including #2A are fundamental rights that come from God and can never be taken away by government."
73,"I proudly endorse @FrankPallottaNJ for Congress. Frank will stand up for our constitutional rights and fight hard against the Far Left’s radical agenda. We need his voice in Washington to stand up for our benefits, not the benefits of DC elitists. Vote this Tuesday NJ-5!"
74,They have no respect nor shame in anything they do and say. https://t.co/3CK9Nv1y1b
75,They have no shame https://t.co/KIMFTZaqXR
76,Memorial Day Parade not the best place to campaign but maybe @KingsCountyGOP can at least proof read their material. This leaflet was given to thousands of people at the parade. “NO BACKING THE BLUE” Really? Since when do we think @NYPDNEWS get special treatment? #BackTheBlue https://t.co/hqF88xmfnD
77,"After careful consideration, I will not be a candidate for State Senate in  D-26. With the new maps and primary in three months, there’s not enough time to put together a campaign team. I hope @KingsCountyGOP will pick someone to run against Gounardes."
78,It was great attending the annual Memorial Day Parade and Ceremony in Bay Ridge yesterday. What a great turnout and ceremony to honor our heroes that we lost on the battlefield. May God always Bless our brave veterans. https://t.co/fd5o1ALoxA
79,I hope all of you had a nice Memorial Day weekend with your loved ones. We remember all of those we lost in the fight for freedom and liberty. May their legacy of commitment and dedication be passed on for many years to come. Good night fellow patriots! God Bless all of you!
80,This #MemorialDay we pay tribute to our fallen men and women in uniform who sacrificed so much for our nation. We will never forget the heroism they showed on the battlefield. Thank you for your service to our beloved nation. May God Bless all of us and our troops forever. https://t.co/7VbkBXueST
81,@GovernorVA Thank you @GovernorVA for keeping criminals like my father in prison. God Bless you. The best governor Virginia has had. Keep up good work!
82,"Never give up hope and faith. Because God will never give up on you. Always have faith that He will guide you on that path to unlimited peace, love, and happiness. God loves us all! Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!"
83,@ACTBrigitte Chocolate cake
84,Exactly https://t.co/IHdoewbRmr
85,"What a tragedy. So sad he is gone so soon. Liotta was one of the best actors and really brought his characters to life. He will be missed greatly. Rest In Peace always. 
https://t.co/cDpnvDfSlk"
86,"Whenever you feel shy, depressed, or neglected, always know that many out there love and care about you. And whenever you see someone in difficult situation, reach out a helping hand. We are always in this together. Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!"
87,"RT @GOP: There was huge Republican turnout yesterday in Georgia’s primary election. 

Congratulations to all of our winners!"
88,"Why must many people argue and fight about the most petty of things? We are on this Earth for a short period of time. We should be coming together, yelling each other, making each other happy, and spreading love and success. #BeKind #Peace"
89,"I would like to dedicate this good night message to all of those we lost in the horrific school shooting earlier today. Our hearts break, but their spirits will always live. May God keep them in peace and heal their loved ones. Good night fellow patriots! God Bless all of you!"
90,"Hug and kiss your loved ones and tell them how much you love and care about them. We never know if we will ever see them tomorrow. Life is short, be kind to others, and make your community a better place to live in."
91,It is heartbreaking to know so much evil is in the world now. We send our thoughts and prayers to all of the victims and their loved ones in today’s horrific shooting in Texas. This madness needs to stop immediately. We need God in our lives now more than ever. May God Bless us.
92,"RT @ACTBrigitte: ATTENTION  Georgia Voters, TODAY is Election Day!

Get out and vote for the America First TRUMP Endorsed candidates!

US S…"
93,Please vote for @JakeEvansGA tomorrow in GA6! We need his voice in Washington to stand up for our rights and fight against the establishment. https://t.co/kKafZiNzpq
94,Vote @CasandraLGarcia tomorrow in TX28. She will be a true representative for the people of her district. We need her voice in Washington. https://t.co/RzVdmE9qgt
95,"I hope all of you had a nice weekend with your loved ones. Let us go to sleep tonight with love, kindness, peace, and relaxation in our minds and hearts. May the Lord always keep us safe and in good health. Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!"
96,"@DougSchneiderBK @agounardes One of the most effective at doing what exactly? Voting for bail reform, supporting gerrymandered maps, letting our small businesses and households struggle financially. Sounds pretty ineffective to me and many others."
97,In recognition of #ArmedForcesDay I would like to dedicate this good night message to all our military men and women. Thank you for your dedicated service to your nation. We greatly appreciate it very much. Good night fellow patriots! May God Bless all of you!
98,"@agounardes @bradlander @JustinBrannan @LincolnRestler @zellnor4ny @JoanneSeminara1 @chrismccreight @DougSchneiderBK @Julio_PenaBK @HannaDL64 @BayRidgeDems @BKYoungDems You voted to keep our neighborhoods less safe by voting for bail reform, disenfranchised voters by voting for gerrymandered maps, and you have done little to reduce burden of property taxes. Time to start looking for a new job in a few months."
99,@agounardes @JustinBrannan @LincolnRestler @bradlander @zellnor4ny @JoanneSeminara1 @chrismccreight @Julio_PenaBK @DougSchneiderBK @HannaDL64 @BayRidgeDems Yes. Time to send you into early retirement.
