Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"Gas →  up 48.7%
Groceries → up 11.9%
Rent → up 5.2%
Transportation → up 7.9%

Now is not the time to increase government spending."
1,"“Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God's will is – his good, pleasing and perfect will.” - Romans 12:2"
2,"This is consequential. #SCOTUS, thank you for giving the people their proper voice in this issue. In Tennessee, we will continue to stand up for the right to life."
3,The Biden Administration needs to prioritize American safety. They cannot say they have our best interests in mind and continue to ignore our southern border.
4,Being a father is one of God’s greatest blessings. #FathersDay https://t.co/xathiOxrvZ
5,Hope you are having a Happy Father’s Day! https://t.co/FBecMeWKRB
6,Over 3.5 million illegal immigrants have crossed the border in just 16 months. This is the result of the Biden Administration's continued failure to act and fix the crisis at the southern border.
7,"RT @VoteMarsha: Time and time again we see deep rooted bias in Big Tech. This time, @Google refuses to be transparent about their email ale…"
8,The Biden Administration has led with weakness on the world stage at every turn. Only through American strength will we achieve peace.
9,Happy birthday to the @USArmy! We are so grateful for all you do to defend America – the greatest country in the world.
10,"“Humble yourselves before the Lord, and He will lift you up.” - James 4:10"
11,"Today we celebrate 230 years since Knox County was founded. Learn more about its history here:
https://t.co/zhw4UWLijj"
12,Enjoyed spending time with friends and fellow conservatives at the Rutherford County Reagan Day Dinner. Sending a big thank you to the Rutherford County GOP for such a great night! https://t.co/36JTwT4iNr
13,Life begins at conception – that is a fact. I will always fight to protect and defend life at all stages.
14,The numbers keep going up. Inflation is at 8.6% – the highest it’s been in four decades. Democrats continue to expect everyday Americans to foot the bill for their out-of-control spending.
15,"If you are outraged by the Democrats’ reckless spending there’s only one way to fix it – VOTE! Register to vote today.
https://t.co/uMU5xCXOpb"
16,We need to #FinishTheWall.
17,Great news – @mcwhorters was appointed as the next @TNECD Commissioner by @GovBillLee. Bob Rolfe was terrific in this role and I am confident that Stuart will follow in his footsteps and serve the people of Tennessee well!
18,"On June 6, 1944, over 150,000 allied troops landed on the beaches at Normandy. We continue to remember and praise their courage."
19,"“If any of you lacks wisdom, you should ask God, who gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to you.” - James 1:5"
20,"Joe Biden’s economic failures make it almost impossible for many Americans to afford gas, groceries and other everyday expenses. He should have heeded Republicans’ warnings on overheating our economy with reckless spending."
21,"Happy birthday, @RyanWilliamsTN!"
22,"On June 1, 1796, Tennessee became a state. I am extremely thankful for our unique heritage and our state’s conservative values, and will continue to fight to protect them. https://t.co/LUK5RjAG17"
23,Tennesseans do not deserve to pay for the Radical Left’s fiscal irresponsibility.
24,"Today on Memorial Day we honor those who lost their lives defending our freedoms and our nation. Forever thankful for their sacrifice, and praying for the families left behind. https://t.co/0QHKANMbLx"
25,"“But we do see Jesus, who was made lower than the angels for a little while, now crowned with glory and honor because he suffered death, so that by the grace of God he might taste death for everyone.” - Hebrews 4:12"
26,I’m a proud pro-life father.
27,"Well done, @HerschelWalker. A win for you is a win for conservative, America-first leadership. On to November! 
https://t.co/oSDer37g18"
28,"We need to prioritize finishing the border wall. 

RT/SHARE if you agree."
29,"Biden wanted to let Title 42 expire without renewing it, which would have been yet another grave example of his administration's willingness to prioritize anything but AMERICAN safety and AMERICAN citizens. I am thankful that his reckless decision was blocked by the courts."
30,“Make every effort to live in peace with everyone and to be holy; without holiness no one will see the Lord.” - Hebrews 12:14
31,"Gas prices have reached new highs and are only climbing. We need to start drilling here at home, not begging foreign dictatorships for more oil."
32,"As your Senator, I will always fight our shared conservative values. They are key to a free and prosperous America."
33,The catastrophe at our southern border grows worse every day. Joe Biden has only exacerbated the crisis. We need to finish the wall and bring back President Trump’s strong and enforceable immigration policies.
34,Being a father is the greatest gift God has ever given me. Joe Biden’s America is not the America I want to leave behind for my children. I won’t stop fighting to make America as great as it once was.
35,"Every day I’m fighting to end inflation, but it gets harder and harder as the Democrats in Washington get more radical. We need more conservatives like me and @VoteMarsha in the U.S. Senate. Make sure you’re registered to vote today!
https://t.co/ihUyEbpUVF"
36,This week is #NationalPoliceWeek. Thankful for our Tennessee law enforcement and the selfless risks they take to keep our communities safe.
37,The Chinese Communist Party unleashed the Wuhan virus on the world. They must be held accountable for the suffering they caused.
38,We must preserve the U.S. Constitution.
39,The current rate of inflation sits at 8.3% and the cost of living is continuing to surge. Tennesseans are paying the price for Washington Democrats refusal to STOP SPENDING – Biden must be held accountable for his administration's fiscal recklessness.
40,Our adversaries sense weakness from the Biden Administration. We need real leadership in the White House.
41,Gas prices hit a new high (a national average of $4.37 a gallon) and keep going up. American families can not afford Joe Biden’s war on American energy. We must work towards regaining our energy independence.
42,I count it an enormous blessing to call you my Mother. Happy Mothers Day! https://t.co/o9w9Qj6BXz
43,Hope every mother feels appreciated today. Happy Mothers Day! https://t.co/Rm8DBgPTfT
44,“The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face shine on you and be gracious to you; the Lord turn his face toward you and give you peace.” – Numbers 6:24-26
45,"Happy birthday, @SenGardenhire! Thank you for all you do for District 10 and our state."
46,"The large and small sacrifices that military spouses make do not go unnoticed. On National Military Spouse Day, we honor those who love and support the ones that keep our nation safe."
47,"Today on the #NationalDayofPrayer, I am especially thankful to live in a nation that values religious freedom. It is imperative that we never take for granted our ability to worship freely."
48,"Happy birthday, @RepKBrooks! Thankful for your service to the people of Cleveland."
49,"Andy is a tried and true asset to the Agriculture industry, which is so vital to our state. I am excited to see what he accomplishes in his new role. Congrats, @andyholt4tn!"
50,"Today, 11 years ago, Osama Bin Laden was killed. We will never forget the bravery of our Navy Seals who brought him to justice."
51,Today marks the start of National Foster Care Month. Every child deserves a loving home – thank you to all of the foster families who work hard to provide them with that.
52,"""He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away."" And He who was seated on the throne said, ""Behold, I am making all things new."" - Revelation 21:4"
53,"Happy birthday, @wkevinv. Thank you for all of the hard work you do for our state!"
54,Our national debt is increasing every day and the Biden Administration continues to recklessly spend. They are leaving this debt on the backs of future Americans – our children. The unnecessary government spending must come to an end.
55,"Americans are struggling to pay their bills and feed their families because of #BidenFlation, yet he continuously claims his “plan” is working. This is only true if his plan is to drive our economy into the ground and go down in history as Jimmy Carter 2.0."
56,"Our economy shrunk 1.4%. Make no mistake: Since taking office, Joe Biden has neglected the consequences of his reckless policies. If Biden continues to choose partisan politics over workers and families, this will get MUCH worse."
57,Proud to receive the Award for Conservative Excellence from the @ACUFoundation. I'm working every day to represent our shared conservative Tennessee values in the U.S. Senate.
58,Wishing Rep. Susan Lynn a very happy birthday today!
59,"Happy Birthday, @MELANIATRUMP! https://t.co/JMJ0fDDdPB"
60,"Trust in the LORD with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, and He will make straight your paths. – Proverbs 3:5-6"
61,Today marks 114 years of the @USArmyReserve. I’m extremely grateful for the service of all of our reservists.
62,Tennessee is fiscally responsible. That stewardship benefits the good people of Tennessee every day.
63,Build the wall. https://t.co/NMwYzR3XZd
64,Over a million arrests at our southern border since October. This is egregious. Immigrants are illegally crossing the border in droves because they know the Biden Admin is not serious about enforcing it.
65,"On Tax Day I am reminded of how thankful I am to live in Tennessee. I will continue to work hard to get the federal government to follow Tennessee’s example on taxes, not the other way around."
66,Hope you are having a blessed Easter. He is Risen! https://t.co/chayTIzh3R
67,Happy first day of Passover to all celebrating.
68,"“But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.” – Romans 5:8

Remembering His sacrifice today on Good Friday."
69,"It is absolutely imperative for the future of our nation that we fight to give our children the best possible educational resources, regardless of their background or zip code."
70,Democrats need to halt irresponsible spending so we can get the country’s fiscal house back in order – Americans need relief from the outrageous cost of living increases brought on by massive  government spending.
71,"From day one, Joe Biden has implemented policies that have resulted in the highest inflation rate in 4 decades. The careless, big-government spending must stop immediately.
https://t.co/XBVhpuj8Ow"
72,We cannot afford to pay the price for the Biden administration’s radical agenda.
73,Wishing a happy birthday to Rep. Sam Whitson!
74,"They took palm branches and went out to meet him, shouting, “Hosanna!” “Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord!” “Blessed is the king of Israel!” – John 12:13

Happy Palm Sunday https://t.co/4k8ltVI0KC"
75,"Proud to be a Tennessean, today and every day"
76,I will continue to do what I can in the Senate to ensure that Democrats’ radical policies don’t make their way into our state.
77,We need to get our fiscal house back in order and reduce the strain of inflation on American families.
78,Parents know their children the best and should have autonomy and choice when it comes to their education. That is why I’m in favor of #SchoolChoice.
79,Today on Gold Star Spouse Day we recognize the loved ones of those who made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedoms. https://t.co/0ylBmW568K
80,The Biden Administration must prioritize strengthening our southern border – now more than ever. We need to put #AmericaFirst and keep our families safe.
81,"“May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in Him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.” - Romans 15:13"
82,"I often think about how proud I am to serve my fellow Tennesseans in the Senate, and I will continue to promote conservative legislation to ensure that our nation remains true to what it is known as: the land of the free."
83,Today is Senator Rusty Crowe’s birthday! Hope it is a great one.
84,Protecting those who are not yet able to speak for themselves should be our utmost priority. I will always support #ProLife policies.
85,Happy birthday to @janicebowlingtn! Thank you for all you do for #HD16
86,Inflation is continuing to soar and is punishing American families. I am concerned about the direction our economy is headed if Joe Biden doesn’t take ownership of this atrocity and promote necessary changes.
87,"I am thrilled to endorse @BillKetron for re-election in Rutherford County. Mayor Ketron is a proven and effective leader, and I look forward to continuing the fight to maintain Tennessee's conservative values with him in the future."
88,"RT @TeamHerschel: Thank you for your support, Senator Hagerty! Now, with both his and Senator Blackburn’s support, the Volunteer State has…"
89,"Pleased to endorse @HerschelWalker for U.S. Senate! I may be from the great state of Tennessee, but I know that we can’t get America back on track without a patriot &amp; friend in the Senate from Georgia. Join me in supporting @teamherschel!"
90,"Our veterans exemplify sacrifice and service to our nation, and we should be grateful for them everyday. Today, we honor those who served in the Vietnam War. https://t.co/9mUYtwWAk0"
91,Inflation is taxation on all Americans.
92,Sending well wishes to Representative Paul Sherrell on his birthday!
93,"“But seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all of these things will be added to you. Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.” -Matthew 6:33-34"
94,Happy birthday @rephalford! Thank you for all you do for our state.
95,American families are paying the price for Joe Biden’s reckless policies.
96,It is our imperative to stand up for those who can’t speak for themselves. We must be firm in our fight to protect the unborn.
97,"RT @RepJimBanks: This is currently what @Twitter prompts when you open a link from The @FDRLST. 

Just imagine what they will try to get aw…"
98,"On this day 12 years ago the “Affordable Care Act” was passed, making healthcare a lot less affordable to many Americans."
99,"On National Agriculture Day, we celebrate an industry that offers so much to our state's economy and way of life. Thankful for all of our Tennessee farmers! https://t.co/Wb00GlfNz4"
