Unnamed: 0,Text
0,I am honored to have delivered this district for the Democrats in 2020 and to have been able to work on behalf of #GA07 over the past year. I wish Lucy McBath all the best as she looks ahead to facing off against Republicans in November.
1,"In this election, we were up against millions in outside money. However, my campaign was based on showing up, listening and delivering for the needs of our diverse and unique community. I am very grateful for the volunteers, staff, and constituents that powered our movement."
2,"As a mother, the situation in Uvalde, Texas, is hard to bear and painful to watch. We are holding the families in our hearts and praying there are no more victims. It's time to fix a thing or two in this country. #guncontrolnow #endgunviolence"
3,"Catch up with us to enjoy some snacks, support a local business, and watch our election results at @KettleRock Brewing tonight at 7 pm. https://t.co/a3zq2H1y5X https://t.co/7fF6cPQw5N"
4,"Today is the last day to vote in the Primary!! I need your vote to continue my fight for Medicaid expansion, women's and voting rights! So get out there and make your voice heard. https://t.co/QX5lz6Jiso"
5,"TODAY IS THE DAY! Make sure you cast your vote before 7pm, visit https://t.co/sa2st0DfIT to find your polling location and #GOTV"
6,"At today’s GOTV press conference, I stood united with many local leaders. Together we’ve delivered for this diverse and unique community over and over again. Tomorrow is the Democratic primary, and I ask for your vote and support to continue this work!
https://t.co/QEOV4l3WEe"
7,Proud to be an integral part of passing @POTUS's groundbreaking infrastructure bill and what it means for the future of Gwinnett County and #GA07 #GApol https://t.co/tOyXwUy0gH
8,4 DAYS OUT! We need you NOW more than ever to help us Get-Out-The-Vote and keep Carolyn in Congress! Sign up to help us this weekend: https://t.co/HeLYcGJ7nC
9,Today is the LAST DAY to vote early! Visit https://t.co/sa2st0UR7t to find your closest polling place and cast your ballot TODAY!
10,"Last night Lucy McBath was a no-show at the #GA07 candidate forum hosted by @akasorority1908. This is the 4TH org Lucy has stood up in the last few weeks.

AKA Sorority ❌
Gwinnett Dem Party ❌
Gwinnett NAACP ❌
Peachtree Corners Civic Assoc ❌

https://t.co/Wk3OMhROp1"
11,Join us on election night at @KettleRock Brewing to watch election night results and celebrate our volunteers! https://t.co/a3zq2GJXep
12,Our ad #LeadingTheFight was banned from Hulu. Click here to donate and help us broadcast it on other platforms so everyone can see it ahead of election day. https://t.co/nvMFwz5Vw2
13,FIVE days left of early voting! Make sure you go to https://t.co/sa2st0UR7t to find your closest early voting location. https://t.co/FcjQNeuYEO
14,"I formed the COVID-19 task force at the start of the pandemic to advise me and help us think about the response needed for our community. We need to build on this to develop a long term, coherent strategy and the first step is making sure everyone has access to basic health care."
15,"How many people have to die before we approach disease and pandemics like adults, before we develop a coherent long-term strategy for addressing problems like this, before we make sure that everyone has basic needs met like affordable, quality health care?"
16,This has come because of the dangerous politicization of our pandemic response. I dread the day we have to respond to a more deadly strain of COVID or some other pandemic by asking people to wear masks again or get vaccinated.
17,"Two years ago, 1 million deaths from COVID 19 was unfathomable. The United States has one of the highest death rates per capita in the developed world despite being one of the wealthiest countries in the world."
18,"🚨 It's Time to Vote 🚨

Election Day is right around the corner! So make your voice heard! I have fought hard for YOU and delivered over and over again for the people of the 7th district. I ask for your vote and support in the primary."
19,"It's powerful to see my sisters rally like this. With the draft Supreme Court ruling, the Republicans are like the dog that caught the car. They have made a big mistake. We are not going to go backward. #ProtectAbortionRights"
20,"We hold the families affected by the gun violence in Buffalo in our hearts and condemn this hateful act of violence and white supremacy. Again and again this happens. It shouldn't be such a stretch in this country to ban assault weapons, and to have universal background checks."
21,There are only 10 days left until election day!! We need your help reaching out to voters more than ever to ensure that we win on May 24th. Join us this weekend to knock on voters' doors and get out the vote! https://t.co/BEtAqcWeBm https://t.co/a3Dzgtrnrv
22,I am fighting to pass the Equality Act in Congress and ensure protections for members of the LGBTQ community. Please help me stay in the ring by donating to my re-election campaign today! https://t.co/jBvDhAew2T
23,"Get Out The Vote Challenge:
Help us get out the vote by posting a picture of you after you early vote and use the hashtag #KeepCarolynOurCongresswoman

Don't forget to tag us @carolyn4congress"
24,"Every day our team is on the ground and in the community, talking directly with voters. Join us this weekend to reach out to voters, and together we will win on May 24th!
https://t.co/BEtAqcEDcM"
25,"By ceding the 6th to the NRA, to extreme anti-choice Republicans, by directing all of her resources at me and not them, Lucy is undermining everything we have fought for and Republicans are now one seat closer to taking over the House. #KeepCarolynOurCongresswoman https://t.co/zy7MSygo1m"
26,.@hulu care to explain why you're censoring pro-choice voices? https://t.co/jBlXI77LIt
27,"RT @Carolyn4GA7: I want you to see my ad that Hulu banned b/c it talks about CHOICE

This censorship is flat out WRONG

Republicans are att…"
28,"If we want to hold the House, we have to hold #GA07. In 2020 I was the only Dem to flip a competitive House seat. Pitch in to help me win the primary so I can keep fighting the extremist Republicans in Congress! https://t.co/jBvDhAew2T"
29,"I want you to see my ad that Hulu banned b/c it talks about CHOICE

This censorship is flat out WRONG

Republicans are attempting to overturn Roe &amp; I will always fight for a woman’s right to choose

Share this if you support women’s rights to choose what happens to their bodies https://t.co/UhfW6AVpeP"
30,"With election day only a couple of weeks away, it's all paws on deck! Join our team and help us reach out to voters every weekend before May 24th. #Canines4Carolyn

Use this link to sign up!
https://t.co/BEtAqcWeBm https://t.co/c94wE5Ud8v"
31,"I am deeply proud to deliver $495,000 for Peachtree Corners’ Curiosity Lab to develop new and innovative ways to move people around our communities and also to create a center for further economic development opportunities in our community.
https://t.co/4QF8N6Toin"
32,"It's time to Get Out The Vote for the May 24th primary!  Early voting has already started, so make sure your voice gets heard.  Visit https://t.co/TskioHuTkh to find your precinct."
33,"Naming a bill that bars transgender children from playing sports the “Save Girls' Sports Act” is unconscionable. This bill is hateful, it is wrong, and it has no place in GA. The Georgia GOP has no business targeting our most vulnerable youth."
34,"🗣 I am calling on Congress to pass the Medicaid Saves Lives Act to expand access to Medicaid in states like Georgia, where Republicans refuse to expand Medicaid!!! Retweet/Share if you support expanding access to Medicaid!"
35,She did not give up on ANY child and believed deeply that all our children can succeed if given the resources and love that they need to flourish.
36,"She was committed to addressing the long term impact of racial segregation in public schools. Her obituary, which she wrote herself, talked about the damage of disproportionate disciplinary actions against Black children - something we wrestle with today in Gwinnett County."
37,"My mother was a teacher and high school principal and instilled the value of public service in me from a young age. She was the principal of Prince Edwards County High School in the 1990s, a school that was central to the Brown v. Board of Education lawsuit in the 1950s. https://t.co/07H9eE6tF8"
38,"During the pandemic, teachers stepped up and continued to support our children. We must do everything we can to support teachers in Georgia. 

So, I support strengthening the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program to forgive student debt for people who take a job as a teacher."
39,"I have delivered millions in community projects for Georgia's 7th district to address affordable housing, early childhood education, veterans needs, mental health and more. I ask for your vote and support in the primary on May 24th, so I can continue our progress. https://t.co/qhKnKZzWAb"
40,"We are a strong, grassroots powered campaign but we cannot get over the finish line without you! Sign up today to volunteer and help us Get Out The Vote! #GOTV https://t.co/BEtAqcWeBm"
41,"I’m saddened by the sudden passing of Tiffany Porter, the Gwinnett County Tax Commissioner. My sincerest condolences and warm wishes to her family and friends. She will be missed by many."
42,"""It's no secret that crypto executives are trying to buy influence with policymakers and win public support for the rapidly growing digital currency industry."" Rep. Brad Sherman, D-Calif 
https://t.co/POUyf59Abr"
43,"Voting rights in Georgia have been under attack. With the election less than a month away, I need your help to make sure every vote gets counted.
Please retweet, donate and then share with your friends so we can win this. https://t.co/3qUb67kHBd"
44,"Voting rights in Georgia have been under attack. With the election less than a month away, I need your help to make sure every vote gets counted.
Please retweet, donate and then share with your friends so we can win this.
https://t.co/3qUb67CisL"
45,"Georgia's 7th district is made up of so many different, diverse and beautiful communities. Happy Asian American Pacific Islander and Native Hawaiian Heritage Month! https://t.co/UljllRddrK"
46,"When everything is on the line, she is leaving the fight against them to fight me. This has consequences. I am committed to codifying Roe in Congress and need your support to return and finish the job."
47,"Lucy has decided that it is easier to come to fight me in the 7th than to fight Republicans in her own district. By doing this, she has given up her seat to a guy who doesn’t think women should have an abortion even if they are going to die in childbirth. 
https://t.co/2bJ0ZmMGf5"
48,"Unlike McBath, I do not take your vote for granted. I show up and deliver for our diverse community. I care about you and your story, and I ask for your vote in the primary on 5/24."
49,"Tonight isn't the first time Rep. Lucy McBath failed to show up for the people of Gwinnett County. While I've done over 215 community events since taking office, McBath has made it clear that she doesn't need to meet you. https://t.co/eUhZGnZHQo"
50,"“We must note that Representative McBath, previously of the sixth congressional district, declined our invitation on today to personally address the black community and other people of color in Gwinnett tonight,” said Penny Poole, President of Gwinnett NAACP. #thread"
51,Eid Mubarak to all those celebrating today. Thank you Umber for having me to your home for a celebration today #EidalFitr https://t.co/Viw2Ky6xzj
52,"If the shoe were on the other foot, I would never abandon the people of Georgia’s 7th district and I’ve proven this over and over again. In tough race after tough race"
53,"Lucy has made a calculated choice that it is easier to come to and fight me in the 7th than to fight Republicans in her own district. By doing this, she is giving up her seat and she is helping Republicans take back the house in November. https://t.co/HiNNtKc9wU"
54,"Atlanta Press Club Debate:
""I ground everything in the needs of the people of this district and we have a lot of them. One of my top priorities is trying to expand Medicaid in Georgia, and I’ve introduced legislation with Senator Warnock on the senate side to do that."" #Thread"
55,"Watch the debate on Facebook or on Georgia Public Broadcasting at 7pm
https://t.co/elOuhZJHio https://t.co/ab0h1dZkoH"
56,"Tune in tonight; I'll be telling voters all the work I've done for Georgians in my first year in Congress. I've advocated for medicare expansion, infrastructure, and funding for HUGE community projects. I'll fight harder than anyone else for Gwinnett families and DELIVER results."
57,"Tune into GPBS tonight to watch our Debate; As the Congresswoman for Georgia’s 7th district, I show up, I listen, and I deliver for you.
Don't forget to vote on or before May 24th."
58,"Making sure our children won't bear the burden of man-made climate change is one of my top priorities in Congress. We can invest in CLEAN ENERGY 🌎 and create MILLIONS of high-paying jobs by building wind turbines, solar panels, and infrastructure that supports green transit."
59,"Instead of being beholden to dark money groups, I'm committed to listening to and working with the people of Gwinnett and Johns Creek. Let's pass the For the People Act to restore the integrity of our elections!"
60,"Our leaders should be held accountable to their constituents, not powerful special interest groups. We need to get dark special interest money out of politics and restore voters' confidence in our elections."
61,Working people are the backbone of our country because they support every aspect of the society we find so comfortable to live in. We need to put them first by creating safe work environments and paying a livable wage! #HappyWorkersMemorialDay
62,"Automatic voter registration is one of the things Georgia had been getting right - let's keep that going. Still everyone should know if you moved or just got your license, you may not be registered or may not be registered in the right place. Check your registration status!"
63,"Last week I sent a letter with a few colleagues asking for an investigation into Georgia’s sudden lack in automatic voter registration. I'm pleased that it was treated seriously, and automatic voter registration is restored. #Thread
https://t.co/wKQmrq1k5L"
64,It is ridiculous that many struggling families are forced to live in extended stay facilities in Gwinnett because they cannot afford housing. We must do more to ensure that developers incorporate moderate and low-income housing when they receive public support for their projects.
65,"We can either learn from history or be doomed to repeat it. As we remember victims of the Holocaust, I’m reminded that there are still many forces that wish to divide our country and world, but our differences make us stronger. We must never forget."
66,"🚨ALERT🚨 Today is the last day to register to vote! Your vote is your voice, lets get to it!!"
67,Do you know what would be great? If we honor the earth this year by PROTECTING &amp; PRESERVING the Chattahoochee River! #happyEarthDay2022 https://t.co/5crYlouomS
68,"Congress must act NOW to expand background checks, ban assault-style weapons, and pass other common-sense gun regulations to protect our families from the threat of gun violence!!!

Retweet if you're with me!"
69,Meet our newest volunteer recruit Kujo! He is trained and ready to hit the ground running by helping us reach out to voters across the district. #Canines4Carolyn https://t.co/uLnfNjcXNn
70,"Congress must pass the Water Infrastructure Modernization Act and make real investments in innovative clean water technology!!! 

Retweet if you're with me!"
71,"The H-4 Authorization Act helps us do well by doing good - we address the labor shortage, access a pool of new talent AND ensure that spouses of immigrants have the opportunity to build a successful life in this country."
72,We are suffering from a labor shortage even as the spouses of many immigrants can't work because the work authorization takes years in paperwork to process!!
73,So automatic voter registration at the DMV drops (voluntarily?) from 79% to 39%? This looks like a serious problem. We need an immediate investigation by a trusted organization into what is going on.
74,⏰ REMINDER: Today is the last day to file your taxes for 2021! Make sure to file your taxes by the end of the day if you have not done so already.
75,Happy Easter to everyone celebrating the resurrection of Christ this Sunday!
76,"That's why I support universal, affordable, and high-quality early learning opportunities for every child."
77,Zipcodes should not determine the quality of education. We need to invest significantly in our public education system because every child should have access to a quality education regardless of where they live.
78,Chag Pesach Sameach - Happy Passover to all celebrating! Today is a reminder of the hope we share that everyone can live free from persecution!
79,"Happy Puthandu to everyone celebrating! May this Tamil New Year bring happiness, good health, and new opportunities to you and your families. https://t.co/KPF9ranugS"
80,"My heart breaks for Patrick Lyoya’s family. Grand Rapids Police Department footage is horrifying and shows a police officer shooting, at close range, an unarmed 26-year-old Black man. After many complaints about the Grand Rapids police department. Justice must be served swiftly."
81,We can help small businesses in our communities THRIVE and boost our local economies by relieving burdensome regulations and giving our small and minority-owned businesses better access to technical assistance and better access to capital!
82,"Libraries give people access to information and resources to learn, grow and succeed. On this National Library Workers' Day, we recognize the people that make it possible for our libraries to thrive."
83,"Georgia has the highest maternal mortality rate in the country. And it's even worse for women of color and low-income communities. 
Why? Because our healthcare system is broken, and women don't have the reproductive healthcare they need. Step 1? #ExpandMedicaid and #FixACA."
84,"President Biden's crackdown on Ghost Guns isn't controversial; it's common sense. But keeping a Democratic majority in Congress is crucial to DELIVERING on life-saving gun control legislation, like #universalbackgroundchecks."
85,"Last year, I fought to pass the infrastructure bill, which will DELIVER $11.4 billion to Georgia for infrastructure! It's time to get to work on transit, wastewater, electric charging... and, yes, improving our existing roads and bridges. https://t.co/wk7gf1tsMB"
86,"Expanding transit and transportation options is a key to improving mobility, unlocking economic opportunity, and is an essential investment as we fight climate change!"
87,"Canvassing is the best and most effective way to reach out to voters, but I can't reach them all alone. I need your help talking to voters and making a plan with them to vote by May 24th. 

Volunteer with us! #VolunteerMonth https://t.co/BEtAqcEDcM https://t.co/gGIRHD5IUf"
88,It is important to recognize the bravery of our veterans even after their service ends. We honor veterans and their families for their sacrifices by giving them the support they need. I'll continue to listen and advocate for the veterans in Gwinnett County and across the country!
89,"When we flipped the 7th district, I was able to advocate for and help pass #ARPA which lowered health insurance costs on the exchange for families by an average of $2400! Now we are improving other parts of the #ACA to save families money. In the 7th district, #DemocratsDeliver"
90,"Today, you broke the glass ceiling that has long separated our highest court from reflecting the people of our great nation. Your expertise, character, and perspective will be a valuable addition to the court."
91,"Congratulations, Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson, on being confirmed as our next Supreme Court Justice!"
92,But the government has no business regulating women's bodies. We must pass the Women's Protection Act and protect women's right to make their own healthcare decisions!
93,Republicans and special interest groups in Georgia are working overtime to restrict women's access to essential reproductive health services.
94,"This is why I'm one of the leading advocates in the House for Medicaid expansion, for fixing the ACA to reduce premiums, and to reduce the cost of prescription drugs."
95,The COVID-19 pandemic exposed the cracks in our healthcare system. Georgia families are still feeling the effects and continue to struggle with healthcare costs.
96,"🗣 I am calling on the Senate to pass the John Lewis Voting Right Advancement Act to protect voting rights!!!

Retweet if you're with me!"
97,"Georgia Republicans are committed to making it harder for voters to cast a ballot. It is more important than ever to reach out to every voter and get them to vote, but we can't do it alone.

Volunteer to canvass with us to turn out the vote!
https://t.co/BEtAqcWeBm"
98,"""I've been amazed at how many times I've seen her out in the community.""  

Every day I think about the needs of Gwinnett and Johns Creek; When I'm attending events and meeting with community leaders and constituents - I'm thinking of ways to fight for our district in Congress. https://t.co/MB79ROJMem"
99,"My heart goes out to the Ukrainian families facing these devastating acts of terror.

I urge President Joe Biden to use every measure to assist refugees even as we gather evidence to prosecute Putin’s war crimes."
