Unnamed: 0,Text
0,RT @RandPaul: The Illinois primary is tomorrow! Make sure you vote for @CatalinaLauf. We need her in congress! Find your polling location h…
1,RT @JakeBequette91: It shouldn’t take a trip to the Supreme Court to learn that it’s alright to pray on the field after a high school footb…
2,"RT @MayraFlores2022: I am so proud of my strong, beautiful daughter for not allowing this to faze her. She continued to smile and pose for…"
3,@saminiowa Thank you!!
4,@FiiiGf Thank you!!
5,"RT @MLiamMcCollum: AOC: the right to our bodies does not belong to nine Supreme Court justices 

SCOTUS: that's literally what we said"
6,"We stand by our community, the people and the families of those impacted by the shooting at WeatherTech. Thank you to our law enforcement for responding quickly to this. News is still developing. https://t.co/VtqZ4Ues4Z"
7,The home stretch !!! Team Catalina is out an about today!! THANK you for all the support! https://t.co/xnvzEVSbFw
8,@GiannoCaldwell Absolutely heartbreaking. I’m so sorry Gianno. Praying for you and your family.
9,RT @LisaMarieBoothe: These evil propagandists will never call out Leftist violence. The Left has been burning cities down for the past coup…
10,RT @DanMcConchie: Gov Pritzker is calling for a special session to take up abortion laws in a state that already has some of the most extre…
11,"RT @billoxenford: Joe Biden has been in Washington since 1973. Biden’s incompetence has resulted in: highest inflation in 40 years, open So…"
12,"Biden blames Putin, corporate greed, and oil companies for soaring gas prices. 

The American people see through the lies and distractions! They know the problem is Biden’s failed energy policy."
13,I don’t trust the people who called concerned parents at school board meetings “domestic terrorists” to decide what a red flag is.
14,RT @TimRunsHisMouth: Sooo.... Congress only approved $300 million for American children's school security... but sent $53 BILLION to Ukrain…
15,RT @ByronDonalds: .@CatalinaLauf has my full endorsement for Congress in IL-11. I know Catalina is a strong conservative who will do a trem…
16,RT @club4growth: ENDORSED✅: @club4growth PAC is proud to endorse @CatalinaLauf for Congress in #IL11! Lauf is a true free-market conservati…
17,"RT @ByronDonalds: Happy Birthday, Justice Thomas! He's a strong defender of our Constitutional rights, announcing today our ""right to bear…"
18,"Biden’s approval rating just hit a new low. Is anyone surprised? He created an inflation crisis, a border crisis, and an energy crisis in just a few short months.

A disgrace to our country!"
19,"Say it with me: 

Shall NOT be infringed."
20,"Biden has made America weaker, poorer, and less safe. 

When we retake Congress in 2022, we must work tirelessly to undo all the damage this administration has done!"
21,"RT @Lancegooden: 61 people were shot and 10 were killed in Chicago last weekend.

0 senators pushing gun control have asked Lori Lightfoot…"
22,"Sad to see so many Republicans join Democrats on gun control and help them chip away at our constitutional rights. 

Vote them out."
23,At this point it really does feel like Biden cares more about Ukraine than he does about our own country.
24,"Has anything been Built Back Better? As far as I can tell, everything seems worse under one-party Democrat rule."
25,America has the cleanest and safest oil production in the entire world. So why is the Biden administration dead set on crushing our energy sector?
26,"The government printed trillions in COVID bailouts, handed out $1200 stimulus checks, and now inflation is costing the average household an extra $5000 per year. 

What a disaster."
27,"THANK YOU always, MARK! https://t.co/juELkldy4d"
28,RT @SilvermanMark70: @CatalinaLauf  we have 1 more week to drive your awareness in #IL11 #twill get you to be the republican nominee so of…
29,"Remember when Biden told us inflation was “transitory” and temporary? Now he’s telling us a recession is unlikely. 

He can’t be trusted!"
30,"My opponent @RepBillFoster is part of the DC establishment that’s lost the will of the voters and solely benefits corrupt special interests. 

We’re upending the establishment in 2022 and bringing a voice back to parents, families, and forgotten Americans!"
31,"The Biden administration is considering suspending the federal gas tax to lower prices at the pump. This won’t provide nearly enough relief.

Instead we should reopen the Keystone XL pipeline, authorize more permits for drilling, and make America energy independent again!"
32,"At least 47 people were hit by gunfire in Lori Lightfoot’s Chicago over Father’s Day weekend. 

This needless violence is out of control! In Congress I will work to restore order, safety, and security to our cities."
33,Can anyone name a single thing Biden has done to actually help Americans?
34,"We need accountability from Fauci and “public health” officials who locked us up indoors, masked our children, and forced vaccines on the general public.

A 2022 Republican congress must make this a top priority."
35,"Biden promised he would go to war with American energy on Day One of his presidency.

When politicians tell you who they are, believe them."
36,"RT @TimRunsHisMouth: Democrats are really still trying to do this January 6 sham hearing when there's food shortages, record inflation, una…"
37,"RT @MayraFlores2022: Almost every poll across the United States agrees the Biden Agenda is an utter and complete failure. 
The blame game i…"
38,Raise your hand if you never thought you’d see $6 gas and baby formula shortages in America.
39,"Biden blames Putin, corporate greed, and his predecessor for inflation. 

Voters aren’t buying it. They know the buck stops with Biden."
40,"Failed swamp politician @RepBillFoster has made Illinois poorer and less safe throughout his time in Congress.

He votes in lockstep with the Biden/Pelosi spending spree time after time and ignores the needs of constituents.

He’s gone for good in 2022."
41,"Our economy is on the brink of collapse and Biden is busy making sure elementary school children can undergo gender transition surgery. 

Sick and twisted!"
42,Great question @RandPaul! Fauci is one of the biggest scam artists of our generation. https://t.co/N2tI33fDsS
43,@Calamityjane77 Exactly !👏🏼👏🏼 completely out of touch
44,RT @Calamityjane77: @CatalinaLauf Democrats made the mistake of thinking Hispanics wanted free stuff more than they wanted a good education…
45,"Voters are sending a crystal clear message: We need to take our country back from Biden and radical Democrats.

The 2022 Red Wave has officially begun."
46,"The “Squad” voted no on the SCOTUS protection bill shortly after a radical leftist tried to murder Brett Kavanaugh. 

@AOC spends money on private security but doesn’t believe the Supreme Court should be protected as well as she is. A total fraud!"
47,"Biden is the single worst president of the 21st century and possibly the worst in American history. 

This administration has betrayed the American people."
48,"Secure borders. Safe communities. Affordable prices. 

That’s the winning playbook and that’s what will carry us to victory!"
49,"Democrats take the Hispanic community for granted and call us “Latinx.” As it turns out, the Hispanic community doesn’t like either of those things. That’s why so many are joining the Republican party."
50,"RT @AndrewPollackFL: Rep. Cori Bush spent $200,000 on private security.

Rep. AOC spent $75,000 on private security.

Rep. Ilhan Omar spent…"
51,"RT @ScottPresler: OH MY GOSH! 

Congratulations to @MayraFlores2022, who just flipped a border, Hispanic, democrat congressional district f…"
52,RT @MayraFlores2022: This historic win will bring back God to the halls of Congress! This win is for the people who were ignored for so lon…
53,".@RepBillFoster has done NOTHING to help shield Illinois voters from skyrocketing prices, $5 gas, and food shortages. 

Instead, he serves as a puppet for Pelosi and the progressive Left. We are voting him out in November 2022!"
54,"Everyone knew a Biden presidency would be awful, but could anyone have predicted just how awful it truly is?"
55,"American energy.
American manufacturing.
American workers.
American families.

America First."
56,Bidenflation is costing the average household nearly $500 more per month. Voters know this is Biden’s fault whether Biden wants to acknowledge it or not.
57,"The Biden DOJ called parents showing up at school board meetings “domestic terrorists.” In Biden’s America, anyone who goes against the Radical Left will be a “Red Flag” under new gun legislation."
58,"In any other setting, a company managed like the public school system would’ve gone bankrupt years ago. So why do we keep throwing money at something we know isn’t working properly? Fix it or stop funding it!"
59,"Republicans, don’t cave on gun control! 2A rights must never be infringed."
60,"Stocks are tanking. Gas in $5 a gallon. Inflation through the roof. 

Biden is leading us into a recession. We need to reverse course, correct our economy, and put America First while there’s still time!"
61,RT @NickAdamsinUSA: If Joe Biden reauthorized the Keystone XL pipeline today we would have $2 gas tomorrow.
62,RT @BoHines: How is it fair to subsidize the most privileged members of our society (college graduates) at the expense of the blue collar A…
63,Interesting take👇🏼 https://t.co/UAlc05OiPD
64,"No. The very clear “link” is that Chicago has every gun law/ban/regulation in the book, yet gun-related homicides increase year after year. Most of those guns obtained illegally. https://t.co/E1pl8ZDpAq"
65,"This gun control legislation isn’t about school/public safety, no more than the Green New Deal is about the environment or sustainability. 

It’s all about control."
66,@TheLaurenChen The absolute cutest 😍
67,"RT @REAL_LARRYK: Since R is typically undercounted 3%, this means any D+12 district is now competitive https://t.co/U8iiwIKuFC 

@CatalinaL…"
68,RT @cecads2: @CatalinaLauf @RepBillFoster Almost $6 in lake county.
69,"RT @FriedmanBrock: @CatalinaLauf @RepBillFoster We are well above $5/gallon here, just east of your district.  Closer to $6 as you go east."
70,"A new generation of strong conservative leadership will save this country. We’re taking our grassroots movement to DC in 2022. 

Join us: https://t.co/wFw7CVitMw"
71,"Illinois is facing $5 gas prices and record inflation. And @RepBillFoster thinks the top priority for voters is J6 political theater.

Out of touch and unfit for office!"
72,Americans are struggling through the worst economic pain in decades. Congress and Joe Biden are busy televising their political stunts. The disconnect between our leaders and our people is insulting.
73,Inflation numbers have now reached the highest they’ve been in a generation. The White House told you inflation was “transitory.” They lied.
74,Elected Democrats are scrambling to distract from their failed economic record. It won’t work with voters come November.
75,Justice Kavanaugh deserves the right to do his job without having left-wing thugs show up outside his family’s front door. Where is the DOJ?!
76,Today Nancy Pelosi said she has no intention of losing the House. Well I’ve got news for her. We’re retaking the House in 2022 and putting a stop to her endless power grabs!
77,Gas prices have now hit a record high with a national average at $5 a gallon. Biden’s insane climate agenda is crushing families at the pump.
78,Women must conceal carry! https://t.co/Ddmzi4jQSv
79,"RT @ClayTravis: The attempted assassination of Supreme Court Justice Kavanaugh by a left wing lunatic, which happened today, is currently t…"
80,@Chadlyv74 @RepBillFoster @LaurenUnderwood Thank you for your support !!
81,"Illinois, if you’re fed up with skyrocketing prices everywhere you go, vote against @RepBillFoster. He’s been with Biden and Pelosi every step of the way. In Congress, I will check reckless spending and get this administration under control!"
82,Recent primary elections prove that the American people are sick and tired of skyrocketing crime in their communities. Safe city streets and law and order is a winning message!
83,Dear Democrats: People who can’t afford basic goods and energy costs thanks to your inflation crisis also can’t afford to buy new electric cars. Hope this helps.
84,What happened outside Brett Kavanaugh’s house is unacceptable. Trying to solve problems with violence and harassment is NEVER okay! Praying for our SCOTUS Justices and their continued safety.
85,"I would like to extend an open invitation to Democrats pushing gun control right now: 

Take a walk through downtown Chicago and let me know how well it’s working for that city."
86,"Gas prices are skyrocketing, food shortages are imminent, and the border is wide open.

Yet Congress is focused on J6 political theater. So out of touch! The Red Wave this November will be unprecedented!"
87,"The Biden DOJ lets criminal rioters walk free while targeting concerned parents at school board meetings. 

Making an absolute mockery of our criminal justice system. Our country needs fair rule of law across the board."
88,Gas prices have DOUBLED since Joe Biden took office. It’s long past time to stop punishing American energy and become energy independent once again!
89,"As if @RepBillFoster hasn’t already done enough damage, he’s now attempting to deprive voters in Illinois of their constitutional right to self-defense.

Bill’s time in Congress is a disgrace and an insult to every voter in Illinois!"
90,"The economy: $6 gas, food shortages, potential recession 

Biden: “Look how great everything is!” 

Who are you going to believe, this administration or your lying eyes?"
91,"This D-Day anniversary, we honor our heroes to remember that freedom isn’t free. God bless our forefathers and the great patriots who gave their lives in defense of liberty. #DDayAnniversary"
92,"“They fought together as brothers in arms; they died together and now they sleep side by side. To them we have a solemn obligation.”
—Chester W. Nimitz https://t.co/s0n6cSMrFl"
93,"RT @Carolina4NV: YOU have more power over this administration than you realize.

The people are FAR more powerful than the government.

We…"
94,"You’d think with the economy as bad as it is, Biden might be interested in working to fix it. But nope, off to Delaware for another vacation!"
95,Should we really be taking school safety advice from people who shut down your child’s school and forced them to wear a mask for 8 hours a day?
96,"Biden to Ukraine: “Give them guns!”
Biden to America: “Take their guns!”

Ridiculous double standard."
97,"If 18-year-olds are too young to handle firearms, then 6-year-olds are too young to be making decisions about their “gender identity”"
98,@BrianFinance Means a lot thank you 🙏🏼🇺🇸
99,Democrats call people “Latinx” and tell them they’re not black if they don’t vote for Democrats and they still wonder why minority voters are flocking to the GOP in droves.
