Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
1,"You may think my candidacy is a long shot. You might have a hard time believing that big things are possible in Kentucky.

If you’re cynical, I don’t blame you. But I am telling you right now, the people of Kentucky will prove every single doubter wrong.

We will win."
2,"My goodness.

Listening to Ms. Janie, I could hardly keep it together. I thought about that 11 year old child. I thought about my own daughters. 

This attack on our rights and freedoms is inhumane. We have to stand together and take our future back. https://t.co/mT87vAUHv1"
3,"The end of the quarter is quickly approaching, and I need your help to remove Rand Paul from office. Kentucky could be the bellwether state this year, and decide our Senate majority. Help me defeat Rand, expand the majority, and abolish the filibuster: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
4,"If you are tired of the hate and vitriol, know that you are not alone.

If you are struggling to make ends meet, know that you are not alone. 

Together we will rebuild Kentucky and we will rebuild America."
5,"RT @AaronParnas: Charles Booker will be the next Senator from Kentucky. 

This is from Eastern Kentucky, in a county that voted, nearly 80%…"
6,"Our rights, liberty, and freedom are under attack. The only option we have is to stand together and fight back.

Thank you, Danielle. From the Hood to the Holler, the people of Kentucky are rising up. We will win. https://t.co/8J99ubm0fP"
7,"The Senate acted swiftly to protect the right to privacy of our Supreme Court Justices.

It is time the Senate acts as quickly to restore the right to privacy for every single American."
8,"My name is Charles Booker, I am running to be the next U.S. Senator from Kentucky, and I will always fight for reproductive freedom. Help me by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
9,"This was never about the sanctity of life for them. This was never about protecting children and families. Truthfully, it’s not even about abortion. 

Politicians are exploiting the most deeply personal decision a person can make, and it’s all for social and political power."
10,"With Mitch’s rogue Supreme Court fighting to strip us of our freedom, I am standing with the people of Kentucky to organize and take our future back.

Tomorrow, I’m going to eastern KY to lead a rally for reproductive justice. See you in Pikeville.

From the Hood to the Holler."
11,Every Supreme Court justice that perjured themselves under oath by saying “Roe is settled law” but voted for this opinion should absolutely resign.
12,"My name is Charles Booker, I am running to be the next U.S. Senator from Kentucky, and I will always fight for reproductive freedom. Help me by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
13,"Good morning, family.

Democracy is under attack. Our human rights are under attack. There is no time to sit down or be silent.

Let’s win this Senate race. Let’s abolish the filibuster. Let’s unpack Mitch’s Supreme Court by expanding it. Let’s protect democracy."
14,"There’s more of us than it is of them. Let’s organize, lift our voices, win this race, codify Roe, and unpack the Supreme Court.

Let’s take our power back. https://t.co/l2imoIZryN"
15,"Now more than ever it's important that we make sure women everywhere feel secure to make decisions that are best for them, their bodies, and their future. Please click the link below to help keep abortion safe in Kentucky and across the country. https://t.co/iC5JRt3zM2"
16,"Growing up as the son of a single mother in Kentucky, I saw every day the struggle she went through. I want to ensure the world that my daughters grow up in is one where they control their own bodies and their own future."
17,"RT @katieporteroc: With SCOTUS’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, electing more Democrats to the Senate has never been more important. I’m…"
18,RT @TeamBooker2022: The time to act is now. Kentucky is fighting back. https://t.co/zYPFsm5jrb
19,"“We the People” must take a new meaning right now. We have to stand together and stop the relentless effort to turn our nation backwards.

This moment requires us to see our collective humanity and say that enough is enough."
20,"Our rights have been under attack for years in Kentucky. They’ve wanted to not just ban all abortion, but block our Commonwealth from moving forward.

But we will not sit down or be silent. Together we’ll take our power back. 

From the upcoming film, From the Hood to the Holler https://t.co/hDVMc0X3We"
21,"Government mandated pregnancy and the idea that a pregnant person is now state property cannot be reduced to a partisan debate. 

This is about the fundamental question of whether we still believe in a free and just society."
22,"The United States Supreme Court has overturned Roe v. Wade.

Today is a dark and heartbreaking day in our country’s history."
23,"Tonight, the Senate passed an important first step to solving the gun violence epidemic in our country. The work to protect our children and realize true community safety must not stop here, but this is major.

Rand Paul and the NRA lost tonight. 

Lives will be saved."
24,"Together, we can make sure neither of these insurrectionists hold public office again. 

We’re only 7 days from our end of quarter deadline. Chip in what you can to help us flip this Senate seat. https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
25,"Mo Brooks sought pardons. Rand Paul stood by his side every step of the way.

Mo lost this week. In November, let’s make sure Rand suffers the same fate. https://t.co/9C6O3naZBV"
26,"They tried to overthrow democracy and sought pardons to get away with it.

Treasonous cowards."
27,"Mitch McConnell’s Supreme Court doesn’t support gun safety, or your Miranda rights."
28,"Rand Paul spends his time promoting QAnon and conspiracies. I spend my time working for the people of Kentucky. My name is Charles Booker, and with your help, I will defeat Rand Paul this November: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
29,GREAT NEWS!!! I am going to defeat Rand Paul.
30,"Last year, my cousin was battling mental health issues. He got a gun and shot himself.

Rand Paul voted against the gun safety bill and its funding for mental health because people like my cousin don’t matter to him.

Well they matter to me, and when I am elected, I’ll vote YES."
31,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
32,"When the January 6th insurrection occurred, Rand Paul brushed it off, calling the insurrection a tourist visit and a protest. 

Rand wants you to forget this, but we never will. We will defeat insurrectionist Rand Paul, and expand our Senate majority."
33,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
34,"Healthcare is a right. Housing is a right. Voting is a right. 

Your rights should be protected. That’s what I’m fighting for."
35,"This morning, I'm thinking about the poll workers in my neighborhood. The elder Black women who sit at the table and light up when I walk in to vote. Their joy for democracy fills the room. These women, like Shaye and Lady Ruby, are true patriots. Sending them love now."
36,Shaye Moss is the hero Donald Trump could never be.
37,"My name is Charles Booker, I am running to be the next U.S. Senator from Kentucky, and I will always fight for reproductive freedom. Help me by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
38,"Roe v. Wade may be overturned any day now. The Supreme Court has made clear its intentions, and it is time Congress step up to protect reproductive freedom and human rights. 

It is time to codify Roe."
39,"The Supreme Court appears hellbent on tearing down the promise of democracy. It is time to unpack Mitch McConnell’s Supreme Court, and expand it."
40,"As a person of deep faith, I understand the necessity of the separation of church and state. It is not an affront to religion, but a commitment to ensuring our government can’t abuse faith to oppress or harm others. The Supreme Court took a sledge hammer to that protection today."
41,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
42,"I am running for United States Senate to make sure January 6th never happens again.

Our democracy is on the line this November."
43,"When I look at my daughters, I see hope. Hope for the present, and hope for the future. 

That hope is what drives me, and is what will help me become the next Senator from Kentucky."
44,"My name is Charles Booker, and with your help, I will defeat Rand Paul this November: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
45,"I believe in prayer. I believe in using the strength God gave me to ACT as well. 

When I am elected to the Senate, I will ACT by voting YES on the Protecting our Kids Act."
46,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
47,"Gas prices in America are surging, and Kentucky’s Senators profit off of the big Oil lobby. 

It is time to hold Big Oil accountable, and stop them from gouging Americans."
48,"Juneteenth is not simply a celebration to me. It is a charge to do all I can to make sure the promise of freedom is realized for us all.

We can pull up the roots of racism. We can ensure reparations and justice. We can break the chains. We must. https://t.co/UVJOdwWTkO"
49,"Words don’t describe how incredible it is to be a father. I’m so overwhelmed with gratitude for my daughters. Seriously, they are my blessing.

Sure, it’s Father’s Day, but all I can think is how grateful I am for my girls. https://t.co/WWdN0P6zRh"
50,"Today is Juneteenth and Father’s Day. As we remember the pain of bondage and the promise of freedom, I also think about our children who look to us to protect that freedom.

Let’s honor our ancestors and our children by continuing the work for justice, healing, and freedom."
51,"Love is Love, and it still wins.

#HappyPride 🏳️‍⚧️ https://t.co/oKWrsz2z1L"
52,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
53,Keeping weapons of war out of our communities is public safety.
54,"Today, Tanesha and I celebrate 12 years of marriage. To my partner, the mother of my children, my biggest critic, and the first person to tell me to run this Senate race, thank you and I love you.

Help me toast to love, and hit LIKE!"
55,"I named my youngest daughter Justyce, because I am determined to make justice, healing, and prosperity real in her lifetime. I want all of our children to be able to dream big, and then surpass those dreams. Together, we’ll make this reality.

Good morning."
56,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
57,"Democracy is hanging on by a thread, and our ability to win this race will determine whether democracy survives for the future.

Democracy is worth saving: Let’s lock arms and win this fight."
58,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
59,"Oil and gas companies are taking in huge profits while forcing regular people to pay for it.. 

Once again, they are gouging us at a time when millions don’t know how they’re going to make it through the end of the month."
60,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
61,"Your right to healthcare should not be infringed by greed. 

If you believe healthcare is a right, and you are tired of being robbed by Big Pharma, stand with me."
62,Curry for MVP.
63,"Rand Paul spends his time promoting QAnon and conspiracies. I spend my time working for the people of Kentucky. My name is Charles Booker, and with your help, I will defeat Rand Paul this November: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
64,"If you want to protect Social Security and Medicare, help me defeat Rand Paul."
65,"@DesignationSix Rand Paul’s actions are shameful. My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
66,"Rand Paul’s actions are shameful. My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
67,"Today, my opponent voted against health benefits for veterans exposed to military burn pits. This is a slap in the face of those who sacrifice for our country.

When I am elected to the U.S. Senate, you will never have to wonder if I will stand for our veterans. I will."
68,"Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas needs to resign. If Chief Justice Roberts wants to turn his back on the American people, he should resign too."
69,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
70,"I am a proud Kentuckian. A lot of people disrespect Kentucky because of Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul. Believe me, we can’t stand them either.

I am running for United States Senate to change all of that. Don’t give up on places like Kentucky."
71,"Bernie is right. Rand Paul is not proposing a budget, he is proposing a bludgeoning of the American people on behalf of his super wealthy friends.

He might want to screw hardworking people, but I’m not going to let him. We’re getting him out of the Senate this year https://t.co/hS7JeVUyBj"
72,"My name is Charles Booker, I am running to retire Rand Paul this November and pass common sense gun reform. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
73,The NRA doesn’t respect the Second Amendment. This constitutional right was never meant to be a license for school shootings and daily homicides.
74,"No matter who you are, where you’re from, the color of your skin, the religion you practice, or who you love, you deserve to be treated fairly.

Rand Paul disagrees with all of this, and I disagree with him remaining in the U.S. Senate. Let’s retire him on Nov. 8."
75,"THIS is why Rand Paul doesn’t want the American people, especially Kentuckians, to watch the hearings. 

He influenced the criminal acts of Jan. 6, so much so that he got a special shout out from the Proud Boys in their planning document ahead of the insurrection. https://t.co/2YJ0U5zUAz https://t.co/QEfDZIIaRD"
76,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
77,"Like many Kentuckians, I have been counted out my whole life. I have been seen as an underdog. This Senate race is no different. 

That’s fine with me. I know what it takes to win in Kentucky, and we have no problem defying the odds.

In November, let’s shock the world again."
78,"If Lauren Boebert made the deeply personal decision to have an abortion, it is her right. 

I believe that right must be protected for all women."
79,"If you don’t already, please follow @TeamBooker2022 to stay up to speed on this historic Senate campaign. It you want to volunteer, host or attend events, or just find ways to help us build this movement, make sure you connect with Team Booker!!"
80,"This flag is not just the culmination of our past. Together, we have the opportunity and responsibility to ensure that the flag waves for life, freedom, humanity, and democracy. Let’s make that happen. #FlagDay https://t.co/iF3MoAFQZa"
81,"Kentucky, I love you. I commit to working hard for you every single day. 

The people of Kentucky are beautiful, hardworking, resilient, and strong. It will be my deepest honor to represent this great commonwealth in the United States Senate."
82,"We did it! We won again! 

From the Hood to the Holler has just won Best Documentary at the Brooklyn Film Festival!

Kentucky, I am so honored to tell our story. Let’s keep shining the light. 💪🏾 https://t.co/FOmYo3WNEN"
83,"Welcome home, Team Kentucky! The entire Commonwealth is proud of you. https://t.co/J9PC9WZCtv"
84,"I am taking a stand for democracy, and we will defeat Rand Paul. I ask for your support. https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
85,"The Big Lie was an elaborate and intentional scheme to inflame the country, subvert democracy, and con Americans into donating to a sham. This is criminal. There must be accountability for everyone involved, including the former President of the United States."
86,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
87,"The federal minimum wage has remained stagnant for over 12 years. Hard working people don’t have enough money in their pocket.

Meanwhile, costs on American families have increased substantially. It is time to do right by the people and raise the minimum wage to a living wage."
88,"So many Kentuckians have given up on politics because all we’ve seen are politicians that only care about themselves. 

I can’t wait to show the people of Kentucky what it means to have a U.S. Senator that actually cares about us.

Good morning."
89,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
90,"Rand Paul blocked the Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act because he does not want to upset domestic terrorists. 

He might as well have told them to stand back and stand by.

This man is dangerous, and we’re going to remove him."
91,"My name is Charles Booker, I am a lifelong Kentuckian, proud husband, father, and the person who is going to retire Rand Paul this November. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/AVL22df4Ed"
92,"As leaders, we have to work to build a future where our children can thrive. That means no more poverty. That means strong public education. That means high quality healthcare. That means schools that aren’t war zones.

Join me, and let’s work towards this goal together."
93,"Six years ago today, 49 people were murdered at the Pulse Nightclub. Motivated by hate, this heinous massacre was the largest attack on the LGBTQ community our country has seen. 

Let’s remember this day, and keep striving for healing, love, humanity, and an end to gun violence."
94,"Tonight, I am praying for our loved ones who have been hurt. I am praying that no lives are lost from this horrific act. I am praying for my city."
95,"Gun violence is and has been an unyielding public health crisis. Our solutions must be comprehensive, and they must be immediate. Thoughts and prayers are not enough, but they are still needed."
96,"The news is still unfolding, and we are urgently monitoring this situation, but this devastating news is a painful reminder that inaction is not an option."
97,"Today, my family and I marched in solidarity with Louisville's youth to call for an end to gun violence.

Tonight, while holding Baby Justyce, I learned of a mass shooting a few blocks from where we marched that leaves several young people fighting for their lives. https://t.co/8Lcx2HdFhG"
98,"We are still marching for our lives. We are marching for our children, who deserve to learn in our schools, not be gunned down. We are marching because inaction is not an option.

Enough was enough a long time ago. https://t.co/XeQGkCt6HT"
99,"I am running for Senate because it is time to protect our children, our schools, and our country. 

From mass shootings to an insurrection, we have to root out all those who seek to harm our people. 

For Kentucky, this means removing Rand Paul."
