Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"We must ramp up our efforts to protect life from conception - I promise to be 100% pro-life if elected to Congress.
(2/2) #Dobbs #ProLife"
1,"Today is a truly historic day for America.
With the breaking news of the Supreme Court overturning Roe v. Wade, this is just the beginning. Becky and I are prayerful for our law makers across the country who are now tasked with defending the unborn. (1/2) #Dobbs #ProLife"
2,"As a community pharmacist, I know President Donald Trump was exactly right when he said we need to put America First. America can no longer rely on its adversaries for essential goods and services, especially our medicine. Where Washington has failed, I am ready to fight. https://t.co/oxTkvjHoh8"
3,"In the meantime, join me in praying for the justices of the court to not waiver in the coming weeks and to overturn Roe v. Wade once and for all."
4,"I'm proud to stand alongside U.S. Reps. Tom Cole (R), Stephanie Bice (R), Kevin Hern (R), Markwayne Mullin (R), and Frank Lucas (R) in support of this petition and stopping the packing of the Supreme Court."
5,That is why I support proposed legislation to amend the Constitution with the following language: “The Supreme Court of the United States shall be composed of nine Justices.”
6,"Now, there is renewed talk in Washington that the President and Democrats in Congress want to pack the courts and expand the number of justices in order to protect unpopular and unconstitutional legislation from originalist, constitutional scrutiny."
7,"The radical left has their sights on undermining the Supreme Court of the United States as we know it. What happened this week with the leaking of a draft, majority opinion of the court is disgraceful."
8,I have joined 5 members of the Oklahoma Congressional Delegation in signing my support of the Keep Nine Amendment petition.
9,"Thursday is National Day of Prayer; however,  Becky &amp; I are committing time all week to pray for our nation. Tonight, please join us in specifically praying for safety &amp; courage among the Justices of the SCOTUS. Evil is relentless &amp; the right thing is rarely done w/o opposition."
10,I am 100% pro-life and support @GovStitt making Oklahoma the most pro-life state in the country! https://t.co/PK0xvcBQLt
11,RT @USTermLimits: Thank you @SchillerforOK for signing the #termlimits on Congress pledge. https://t.co/I4rVEJcEtk https://t.co/eHdtKFweXR
12,"🚨Schiller Campaign Announces Massive Fundraising Number After Two Weeks in The Race🚨

""I entered this race to be a true competitor. With the immense amount of support from my friends, family, and voters across the district... I'm confident that we'll end this race victoriously"" https://t.co/jTw8au4Sil"
13,"and they would be confused and frustrated. Government overreach is the problem; it is not the solution and I plan to bring a dose of Oklahoma to Washington.

Join my team here: https://t.co/HD1y4bI7u0"
14,"who think government is the solution to every problem while cashing government paycheck. As a pharmacist, I bring a different set of experiences to the table. Time and time again I would help a patient who had their prescription provider changed..."
15,"I'm proud to launch my campaign for Congress. I’m not a politician, I’m a community leader and local pharmacist. I know what my community and my district want, and that’s a candidate who will fight for them in Congress and stand up to Nancy Pelosi and the career politicians..."
