Unnamed: 0,Text
0,before celebrating too much.  #fauxvictory
1,"While it may seem to be a victory for ProLife, all that was done was SCOTUS gave power to states to determine how to handle abortion,   For example, Tennessee is trying to pass a law that makes the women wait 30 days, instead of a  total ban on abortion.  So please consider this"
2,"The Constitution does not grant us rights, it serves as a safeguard against those who attempt to deny one’s rights."
3,"Our rights are given to us by The Creator, but it is up to us to keep them.  Unfortunately those in office are threatening to take them and it is both parties trying to do so."
4,The Second Amendment’s purpose is to provide citizens a safeguard against tyrannical government.  An unarmed citizenry is easier to rule.  #DefendTheSecondAmendment #CMondayForLiberty
5,"Big surprise (said sarcastically)
U.S House PASSES gun legislation, 223-204.  
Goes now to the U.S. Senate.

Don’t hang your hope on the Senate to do the right thing."
6,@SydneyLWatson Because it’s godless
7,Gun control is unconstitutional period.  There shouldn’t be any question about that; the only way to ban any type of gun is to write an amendment to the Constitution.
8,https://t.co/bJ2Z63tWe3
9,My prayers are with those in Texas who lost loved ones today.
10,"@TNMouth @GOP I agree, neither of the two parties are for individual liberties.  Both seek power"
11,@PescaFisch @a2e_project @AndrewYang I’m with you on that.
12,"@BuckSexton @elonmusk Don’t know why, both parties are liberal and against liberty."
13,"the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying afterwards the very engines which have lifted them to unjust dominion.""  George Washington’s Farewell Address September 17 1796."
14,"The reason I don’t believe in political parties ""However [political parties] may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely in the course of time and things, to become potent engines, by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of"
15,"@justinamash reins of government, destroying afterwards the very engines which have lifted them to unjust dominion."""
16,"@justinamash ""However [political parties] may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely in the course of time and things, to become potent engines, by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the…"
17,@justinamash You can join as long as you pay.  I believe in Washington’s statement concerning political parties…
18,"divided and from being the UNITED States of America, or as the cartoon Benjamin Franklin did, join or die.  Either way if we remain divided we will cease to be a nation of liberty and freedom because we will be too consumed with anger towards one another to enjoy our liberties. https://t.co/3GWpmABd29"
19,Political parties are the adult version of high school clicks.  In order to belong you must conform and not be friends with anyone from the opposing click because you must be loyal to only the group that you are associated with.  It is that type of mentality that will keep us…
20,@laurenboebert Republicans are no different only that they claim to be Pro-Life when they’re not.
21,@IngrahamAngle Honestly we don’t need Trump either.  Before you say anything I don’t like Biden either or any democrat or republican.
22,"Funny how Republicans are against irresponsible spending but embrace it when it’s their side doing it.  If it’s wrong for one, it’s wrong for all. https://t.co/j0GIRsL41I"
23,I ask that everyone research everything before making a decision especially when it comes to anything political.  Parties say what they believe will earn them votes.  #WantFactsThenResearchEverything
24,@rothschildmd Can you say delusional?
25,@ryanjenkins2007 That’s because people don’t know what principles are anymore.
26,@jhollymc Those in DC should do the same.
27,to be a sunshine patriot but it takes courage to be a true patriot.
28,"We as a nation have become so condemned to think a certain way that we are like the Borg from Star Trek, unable to think for ourselves so we echo what others say.  America used to be for individual liberty.  That is why I continue to fight, for individual liberties.  It is easy"
29,"Sometimes I question why I am trying to fight for liberty since it seems many are content to live their lives believing they have liberty, when reality is we lose more liberties each day.  It is not only one party that is seeking control and taking away liberty."
30,@RSBNetwork Not President anymore
31,I am amazed by how many still believe that the two parties work for the people.
32,@3CFilmss Reminds me of Gumby
33,When someone knows there is no chance of something happening it is easy to claim that one would do something about the issue.  It takes courage to work keep one’s word.
34,"The State of the Union is not an address to the nation, but a pep rally for politicians.  It does not matter which party the President is associated with, the address is to allow that party to pound their chest and say “look what we’re doing”."
35,What is happening in Ukraine is awful and I feel for the people but I hope we stay out of it; we are not the world police and should take care of things here.
36,"This is a bipartisan bill is pushing for gun control, which is unconstitutional.  Please do not be deceived by those who claim to be for the Second Amendment.

https://t.co/1m42HuKpbK"
37,@trekonlinegame https://t.co/vfUXcgp6sY
38,@trekonlinegame could we have these uniforms? https://t.co/LkSRHnJ2xr
39,@trekonlinegame why do I keep having to reapply my loadouts?
40,"Want liberty?  
1. Understand that elected officials were hired by you and can be fired at the next evaluation (election).
2. Prepare for the evaluation (election) by looking at their work.
3. Participate in the evaluation (election) process.

#CMondayForLiberty"
41,There is a saying that states when someone does something repeatedly and expects a different result is a sign of insanity.  So why do we continue to vote for candidates in the two parties expecting them to work for us?  #EndTheDuoply
42,Betty White brought laughter to many and helped raise money for animals in need through the years.  She will be missed.
43,@ScammerPayback Thanks for the heads up.
44,@BettlesP @cspan Remain ignorant
45,@cspan Even if you get vaccinated you can still get Covid and die from either Covid or the vaccine.  #WhatTheyDontTellYou
46,@cspan They agree on more than they let on.
47,"@csohmplify @opsimathEG @justinamash Concerning drugs we should decriminalize them not legalize them, there’s a difference."
48,@csohmplify @opsimathEG @justinamash That’s because people don’t want to go Canada it’s not the land of opportunity.
49,@csohmplify @opsimathEG @justinamash You said like Canada that’s why I said socialism.
50,@csohmplify @opsimathEG @justinamash So socialism?
51,@csohmplify @opsimathEG @justinamash It’s called security and not paying non citizens.
52,@csohmplify @opsimathEG @justinamash I don’t want big government.
53,I have been trying to think what to say about the things weather that caused so much tragedy this weekend.  The only thing I know to say is I am praying for everyone who lost loved ones and or their homes.  I pray that they find comfort and peace in Jesus name.
54,@opsimathEG @justinamash I don’t want open borders or big government like many of the candidates want.
55,"@opsimathEG @justinamash Or any party because eventually a party will become the same as the others.  So, why be part of the cycle?  Vote for the person who best aligns with your beliefs and principles instead of parties which are corrupt."
56,"@opsimathEG @justinamash To quote Washington “serves always to distract the public councils and enfeeble the public administration. It agitates the community with ill-founded jealousies and false alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against another, foments occasionally riot and insurrection.”"
57,Way to go Navy!  17-13  ⚓️
58,@justinamash I like you @justinamash but not the party.  However to be fair I don’t like political parties because they create division and do more harm than good.
59,not to meddle in the lives of individuals.
60,"I believe in individual’s rights, this means from the unborn’s right to life to those who wish to protest peacefully to protest among many others including making their own medical decisions.  Government’s responsibility is to ensure our nation is protected from foreign threats,"
61,https://t.co/Rx67a0VAmV
62,The only way to have individual rights is to reduce the size of the government.  #CMondayForLiberty
63,https://t.co/Ct8qKhUgsd
64,@WCSDirector congrats to Tullahoma on winning state today.
65,"RT @RationalSons: In case you are wondering what side of history you will end up on with COVID...

I am not aware of any historical example…"
66,I miss the time when individuals thought for themselves.
67,"Safety and security comes at a high price.  That price is liberty, I for one do not wish to pay the price.  #CMondayForLiberty"
68,@trekonlinegame Will the 10th Anniversary bundle return?
69,"when Franklin D. Roosevelt changed it to the fourth Thursday in November in order to get the economy moving.

I hope everyone has a blessed and happy Thanksgiving! https://t.co/dGZu3im4K2"
70,"g overnment would observe a day of thankfulness and encouraged citizens to do the same. However, it wasn't until 1863 in the midst of the Civil War President Abraham Lincoln proclaimed a national Thanksgiving Day to be held on the last Thursday of November. This lasted until 1939"
71,"Thanksgiving has been observed for centuries. In fact, during the American Revolutionary War, the Continental Congress designated one or more days of thanksgiving a year. Then in 1789, George Washington issued a proclamation that the citizens of the United States of America…"
72,@trekonlinegame Will the 10th Anniversary bundle return?
73,have learned that if they say they are for the people and give a few handouts then people will vote for them; all the while chipping away at individual liberties.  Political parties are traitors to our nation and Constitution.  #CMondayForLiberty
74,"I would say that I am amazed how the majority of Americans have a lack of understanding when it comes to liberty.  However, our society has become so accustomed to instant gratification and handed everything to them that people do not know what true liberty is.  The two parties…"
75,the bad things instead of the all of the good they did.  This how one takes liberty away without people noticing.  Now is the time to awaken from slumber and take a stand for liberty before it is lost forever.  #CMondayForLiberty
76,"The reason I believe many don’t understand what true liberty is, is because they have grown up with things being handed to them without any real effort.  This has been conditioning them to accept socialism, plus being taught that the Founding Fathers should be scrutinized for…"
77,"I’m not sure what to think about the whole Rittenhouse trial.  Other than that it’s an attack on the Second Amendment, even though Rittenhouse was found not guilty it sets a precedent.  Those opposed to the Second Amendment will learn from this, &amp; will use it to their advantage."
78,#CMondayForLiberty https://t.co/KEheFWPZA3
79,"When it comes to abortion progressives are all for choice because it’s “My body, my choice”.  Yet when it comes to the vaccine it’s not my body or choice.   #CMondayForLiberty"
80,right but do not force others to be vaccinated and help usher in tyranny.  #CMondayForLiberty
81,"When is enough enough?   These mandates are unconstitutional and there is no immediate emergency.  It is time for Americans to take a stand against the mandate before we find ourselves under complete tyranny.   If you wish to be vaccinated then you should, because that is your…"
82,@patsajak I prefer strawberry ice cream
83,"I am going to say this as plainly as I can so it is easy to understand.  I do not support the Democrats or Republicans.  They do not have the interest of the people or liberty in mind, they only want power.  #CMondayForLiberty"
84,"RT @TBInvestigation: 🚨An AMBER Alert has been issued for 17 y/o Faith Threet, on behalf of the Robertston Co Sheriff’s Office. 

Faith may…"
85,I would like to say thank you to all our veterans without you this would not be the land of the free. God bless. https://t.co/xblPjXcBhx
86,Unless it's Republican led. https://t.co/6C1Yzjg1sD
87,"Government should be so small you need a microscope to see it.

#CMondayForLiberty"
88,Choose Wisely https://t.co/Cj4Yg9YO84
89,So back to normal. https://t.co/ON50xrm00s
90,"Are you tired of group think and losing your liberties regardless of what party has control?  If you are, now is the time to try something different, break away from the two parties and become truly independent.  #CMondayForLiberty"
91,"The Creator if the contents are foreign to us.

#CMondayForLiberty"
92,"and studying the Constitution, they’re misguided.  The Constitution is  much like the Bible, people say they believe it but don’t know what’s in it or understand it and just a symbol.  However, much like the Bible it’s impossible to enjoy the liberties given to us by…"
93,"How am I a conservative and a liberal simultaneously?  I disagree with both parties because neither follow the Constitution, which is supposed to be what limits the government’s power.  Yet since many only believe their party of choice instead of researching the party…"
94,"Illegals should not receive 450K per person, give that to those who served our country."
95,https://t.co/WLd4VF44cm
96,"@micah_gj I have some of the seasons, I want to get the rest."
97,@micah_gj Have you seen the 50th Anniversary movie they made?
98,"@micah_gj True, I was thinking about the impact of Rose plus she was Bad Wolf with the power of the Tardis in her."
99,"@micah_gj I wish 9, 10 or 11 would return.  If The Doctor is a woman again then be the one that made the biggest impact/impression, Rose."
