Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"The same people that are mad about Roe v Wade being overturned, are the same people who can’t define what a woman is!!"
1,RT @stoolpresidente: I don’t care what side of the aisle you are on.  You can’t have a guy who just consistently falls over in this type of…
2,"RT @lavern_spicer: If you want $20 a gallon gas, vote Democrat.

If you want nine month old babies to be disfigured and put into vacuum cle…"
3,NEVER surrender! taking away guns from American citizens is about the quickest way to cause a civil war. https://t.co/MArfNbpFhG
4,"@mglovesfun @WendyRogersAZ @GregAbbott_TX IF that’s true, that’s completely wrong and everyone should be mad about it."
5,"@mglovesfun @WendyRogersAZ @GregAbbott_TX I don’t support the NFL, they’re woke. Everything woke turns to shit."
6,@WendyRogersAZ Liz Cheney 😂 give her hell Wendy! 💪
7,@PamelaHensley22 There is no doubt it’s on purpose.
8,"@mglovesfun @WendyRogersAZ @GregAbbott_TX Yes I would have a problem with it. It’s gross, and apparently it says “for all ages” this is trash. Children should not be exposed to rated X nonsense."
9,"@WendyRogersAZ @GregAbbott_TX Who the hell is like “Yes, thats exactly what I want.” 😳 https://t.co/HWnoBqO5AJ"
10,"@RepKinzinger How does it feel to gain the whole world and lose your soul Adam? You are a disgrace, it’s time for you to go home and let a real Republican have your seat!"
11,RT @JacksonLahmeyer: The 2020 BLM riots were 100 times more dangerous than anything that happened on January 6th.
12,@PeterMcCormack Facts!
13,Here’s @BetoORourke’s base in action. https://t.co/G3iEo0jAhw
14,"The government is all ""Monkeypox, Monkeypox"" and I'm all ""name the Source of the SCOTUS leak""."
15,"The Left has so much control over the media, that everyone moved on from the unprecedented &amp; intentional leak from SCOTUS a few weeks ago.

Divide and distract, works every time."
16,The media keeps telling us that Monkeypox comes from Africa but has a hard time saying where COVID comes from.
17,Just a reminder that the people who fabricated the Russian collusion hoax are the same people running the January 6th committee
18,"Barely two years in and the Leftists are understanding the cost of no ""mean tweets"".

Hate, division, $7 a gallon gasoline, and baby food shortages.

Was it worth it?"
19,Six years of investigating Trump to find out that Hillary rigged the 2016 election.
20,"Imagine if this administration was honest about the millions of taxpayer dollars they've spent to fund the promotion of puberty blockers, double mastectomies and prosthetic genitalia for kids.

They would lose elections and that's why they hide it."
21,"Biden:

1) Bans oil from Russia (run by dictator who brutally invaded a neighbor).

2) Buys oil from Venezuela (run by dictator who brutally oppresses his own people).

Why not restore US oil production and stop doing business with dictators altogether?"
22,"The fact that no one made a big deal about Bush's ""gaffe"" on Iraq shows you how accustomed we have become to Biden's regular disasters."
23,"While George W. Bush and Iraq are trending, let's remember that Biden was instrumental in starting the Iraq war.

As chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, he pushed for intervention before voting for it. 

I'm sure this conflict will be different."
24,"The only reason Joe Biden was in Buffalo was to exploit Black Americans for political purposes.

Compassion is alien to the Democrats."
25,"While a stockpile of baby formula sits at the Southern Border, 26 of our states are almost completely out. 

If we cannot care for own, how can we care for others?"
26,I know the Left has successfully moved the focus onto several other topics but sometimes I just like to remind everyone that lockdowns did more damage than the virus.
27,How is anyone NOT OUTRAGED that nothing is being spent on or done for America and Americans by this government?
28,The war no one is talking about is the one Joe Biden is waging on Americans.
29,"Sweden has not been at war since the Norwegian War of Independence in 1814. 

It stayed neutral during the first and second World Wars.

Now, 208 years later, they’re all in against Russia.

What happened?"
30,"Keeping in theme with the Biden administration's modus operandi, Karine Jean-Pierre eagerly demonstrated that she is equally as low competence as Jen Psaki."
31,"In Biden's 50 odd years in public office, there has rarely been a U.S. war he didn't either endorse or encourage."
32,"VOTE, KENTUCKY!"
33,@dbc603 @RepThomasMassie Thank you David!
34,A nation unable to ensure its people have a supply of baby formula has no business giving billions of dollars to anyone.
35,Biden's America is where crack pipes are easier to find than baby formula.
36,"The Waukesha terrorist killed 6 people and injured 62 in a racially motivated attack, yet Biden refused to visit the victims, personally comfort the families or talk about it. 

Why will Buffalo be so different?"
37,The only time the Democrats care about black lives is when they can be used for a political agenda.
38,"Just a reminder that Democrat-run New York city still has a mask mandate for toddlers.

You get what you vote for."
39,How much baby formula could $40 billion buy?
40,"According to this administration, the way to help struggling Americans is by sending more money we don't have to fund a proxy war we don't want.

Remember that when we vote in November."
41,"Don't be fooled. 

Congress has made it clear they have nothing but contempt and hate for the American people.

They just tolerate us because they love our money.

."
42,"Here's a fail-proof way to know if something is a complete scam: just check to see if Biden, Pelosi, and McConnell all agree on it."
43,"Question: If the DC Democrats were investigated for 5 minutes the same way Trump has been for 6 years, how many would be in prison right now?

Answer: None, they own the system."
44,Not even COVID had an approval rating as low as Congress currently has.
45,Only the Democrats would think that after spending 20 years and $2.313 trillion on a failed regime change in Afghanistan we should spend $40 billion and try another one against a nuclear power.
46,"The Left had no issues or problems wearing a face mask for two years, but protest and avoid wearing a condom for twenty minutes."
47,"The only things that are ""ultra"" in this country are inflation, gas prices, illegal immigration, and the damage the Left is doing to our country."
48,We have an administration in power who has made it a priority to have puberty-blockers &amp; castration drugs abundantly available for kids but has done nothing to ensure stores have something vital like baby formula.
49,Big day in showbiz yesterday when $40billion officially became the highest amount ever earned by an actor.
50,We live in an America that protects leftist school board members better than it does Supreme Court justices.
51,"Just to be clear last night, all 57 House Members that voted not to send another $40 billion to Ukraine, were Republicans.

Not a single Democrat voted against it."
52,You can tell the Democrats are in charge when the streets are full of Fentanyl but the stores are short on baby formula.
53,"There is no right to abortion in the Constitution &amp; the left knows that so their tactic is to change the subject to the fiction that the justices are out to get the LBGTQ community or interracial marriage. It's simple fearmongering. 

This is what a real insurrection looks like."
54,I now have precisely 53 billion reasons as to why I know this administration doesn't care about us.
55,"Good thing these leftists aren't protesting at school board meetings, or they would really be in trouble."
56,"The most ""extreme and dangerous"" political group in this country is the one calling for violence in the streets of America."
57,"With Chicago currently the murder capital of the world, it's no surprise that Lori Lightfoot wants to make it an oasis for abortions."
58,"Just a reminder that we didn't even have baby food shortages under Jimmy Carter.

You did it Joe."
59,Sorry but you have zero rights to talk about morality if you are torching churches because you demand the right to kill the unborn.
60,"The level to which the left has eroded American Democracy can be defined by the fact that the public can't get the name of the person who leaked the draft, but the mob can have the home addresses of our Supreme Court Justices."
61,This fall you will see that the bigger issue that will affect votes is not liberal women's fears of not being able to get an abortion but mothers' fears of not being able to get baby formula.
62,The most reprehensible part of the Biden presidency is that all of the damage he has done to this country was a choice.
63,"I see the Lincoln Project is in the news again.

I wonder which one of their members got caught with child pornography this time."
64,"The Left is already preparing the mob.

As always they instigate &amp; incite, then act like they play no part in the threat of violence, unrest, destruction or physical intimidation that follows.

All to get the judicial branch of government to give them the decision they want."
65,"Dan Crenshaw &amp; Mitt Romney are two pillars of the Trans community that don't get the appreciation they deserve. 

As two proud Transrepublicans, a minority group that associate as Republicans despite being Democrats.

I salute you."
66,"Whenever Roe vs Wade comes up the Democrats always try to make it an issue about something it's not.

They have to because they know that their support for late term abortions is both indefensible and reprehensible."
67,"The whole time we were ""locked down”, the border was wide open.

It's never been about the science."
68,"Romney and Crenshaw are what happens when we endorse RINOS. They are political equivalents of a Trojan horse.

To win we need to vote for the most conservative candidates in the primary, then vote for the winner in the general."
69,"So much anger and violence from the Left about abortion, because they are having their ""options"" taken away.

Now may be a good time to remind people that the draft didn't mention a thing about abstinence or contraception.

The options are still there, use them."
70,"The fact that New White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre is in a relationship with - CNN anchor shows that even with Psaki gone it will be business as usual.

By that, I mean a complete conflict of interest and peddling lies to the American people."
71,"A massive PR firm that represents high-profile corporations like 
Coca Cola, Netflix &amp; Starbucks is privately advising clients to avoid commenting on abortion rights.

This is the direct result of Ron DeSantis sticking to his guns. 

The tide has turned on the Woke corporations"
72,"It speaks volumes that the Scotus leak, a flagrant insurrection against America’s judicial system is ""no big deal"" according to Adam Schiff

Two sets of rules, one for them and another for us."
73,"The Ministry of Truth is a golden gift for conservatives.

A glorified fake-jobs program that won't amount to anything substantial except to allow us to prove once &amp; for all that the Democrats are nothing but information tyrants and hypocrites afraid of personal freedom."
74,"Don't mistake the ""disinformation experts"" for being stupid.

They act it but they are not.

That’s what makes them dangerous.

The way to beat them is to discredit &amp; reveal their stupidity in public!"
75,"Major companies like Disney, Walmart and American Airlines that are routinely vocal about leftist causes, have been silent amidst the Roe v Wade leak.

This is the DeSantis effect: executives have seen what happens when we fight and have started changing their risk calculations."
76,The Democrats are just beginning to understand what a complete car crash the Biden presidency is and it is not pretty.
77,"The Left had Alexander Vindman edit then leak a transcript of a president's phone call.

No one should be surprised they leaked a SCOTUS document.

This is what the Left does."
78,Nothing quite sells the Biden administration's willingness to give diplomacy a chance like standing in a Lockheed Martin plant surrounded by missiles.
79,Forgive me if all that we know about Hunter Biden has made me somewhat reluctant about Joe Biden telling me how I should raise my kids.
80,"In 2021, 650 Mexicans were killed crossing the border illegally and yet the Democrats are silent about Biden's border policy.

Seems like Mexican lives don't matter to the left."
81,"Don't be fooled by the thick veneer of virtue signaling and radicalism.

The Left is the elite and serves only the elite.

The American people are just the shoulders they stand on to obtain their desires."
82,"Dams, bridges, roads… that’s infrastructure. 

You what the Left thinks is infrastructure? 

Critical Race Theory, the green new deal, and mass amnesty. 

See the problem?"
83,Imagine wanting to get rid of free speech and unborn children yet somehow still think you have the moral high ground.
84,It is grossly unfair to expect Biden to deal with all of the domestic priorities when he is so busy escalating a proxy war he in Eastern Europe.
85,"Like the many unexplainable coincidences that surround this administration, we are told to blindly support a foreign nation that is the same one Joe Biden's son is deeply connected to.   

Go figure."
86,"The Left used to say that not having a uterus meant you had no say on women's issues.

Today the Left can't define what a woman even is."
87,"Corporations are neither ""right"" nor ""left"", they are ambiguously authoritative. 

They have the power to convince both sides that they represent one or the other. 

The truth is they always represent themselves and their profits."
88,"With the midterms around the corner, I wouldn't be surprised if we see another ""mostly peaceful"" summer.  

Just like the 2020 elections, the Democrats will find or fabricate a pretext to throw the country into chaos, just before we vote.

It's what they do."
89,"Democrats constantly call for saving democracy, but not our Republic and they sure are afraid of the US Constitution.

The only reason in the last few weeks they've been saying democracy is at risk, is because their version of democracy is cheating to win."
90,"In two years Democrats have forfeited their go to abortion arguments. 

You can't mandate &amp; threaten people to inject themselves with vaccines, then say ""my body my choice""  &amp; if we can no longer define what a woman is, how do we define what a ""woman's issue"" is?"
91,"Elon was one of Obama's biggest donors, Tulsi Gabbard endorsed both Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden, and Joe Rogan was a huge Bernie Sanders supporter. 

But according to the media, these people are all ""Right Wingers"". 

Just goes to show how far to the left the Dems have gone."
92,"I can already see parents in hospitals asking the doctor if their newly born child is a boy or a girl and the Doctor replying ""How do I know, I'm not a kindergarten teacher?”

The Left is truly sick."
93,"Bill Gates believing there are ""too many people living on the planet"" is exactly the reason why he shouldn't own more American farmland than anyone else in the country."
94,"Never forget that the ""most popular"" President in history was inaugurated behind barbed wire."
95,"I keep wondering if there is anything this administration won't straight out lie about, but I keep coming up empty."
96,"Just like every other branch of the government this administration has used against us, the Ministry of Truth's loyalty will always be to the regime and never the people."
97,"Deflection is the main reason for the NYT attacking Tucker Carlson.

This is what happens when all the ""conspiracy theories"" about the Left turn out to be true."
98,"The path to the Leftist Utopia is paved with the trampled freedoms of the people.

It's no coincidence that the erosion of  our freedoms has walked hand in hand with the Democrat Party's rise to power."
99,"Finding out our new Truth Ministry Czar Nina Jankowicz has a TikTok account has been a huge relief.

I was worried that China wasn't going to be involved in this part of the Biden administration too."
