Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"Nevadans want fewer taxes, cheaper gas, and better jobs. 

The Left gives us just the opposite."
1,"America First patriots know what the Left have done to this country, and they’re going to be the ones to save it. 

Mark my words."
2,"I come from a school of thought where shall not be infringed means SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED!

I’m tired of the pathetic RINOs claiming to serve the American people but consistently failing us."
3,"Adam Schiff: “Six unelected individuals just denied women all over America the right to make their own health care decisions.”

We'll take ""Big Fat Lies"" For $2,000, Alex."
4,"How do proponents of socialized medicine justify 5-8 months wait times to be seen by a doctor?

Or being on a months-long waitlist to get the urgent care you need?

Nothing short of insane."
5,"America First is alive and well, but the establishment machine is still robust. 

We’ve made incredible strides, but our work is not close to being done."
6,"RT @CountyofDouglas: A wireless alert has been sent to Genoa residents to evacuate in the Trail Court area,for Genoa Court. First responder…"
7,"Tired of inflation soaring?

Stop voting for liberals who recklessly spend our tax dollars like Mark Amodei."
8,"27 Democrats in the House just voted for our Supreme Court justices to be at heightened risk of assassination.

A true travesty of a vote - indefensible."
9,A true conservative would NEVER vote to strip law-abiding Americans of their constitutionally protected gun rights.
10,@UltraMagaJew @lavern_spicer Out of stock. Supply chain.
11,"Thanks to Biden, you can’t even drive your Chevy to the levee to check if it’s dry."
12,"The polls in Nevada are open right now!

Go vote! This is our chance to get an America First leader in Nevada’s 2nd District! Are you ready? https://t.co/SivpnUlDWw"
13,"It’s primary election day in Nevada! I’ll be on @newsmax National Report at 10:10 AM ET/7:10 AM PT.

https://t.co/xTTiuUig10"
14,"Red flag gun confiscation is a violation of the Second Amendment.

Our SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHT to keep and bear arms IS ABSOLUTE as long as America is a constitutional republic, and any officeholder who tries to say otherwise is in violation of their oath."
15,RT @TheBillPost: Waving signs with @DannyTarkanian and @MrsT106 in Fallon looking forward to Danny serving us in Congress next year! https:…
16,"@SarahAshtonLV Thank you for all that you're doing, Sarah. Amy is missing your daily conversations."
17,"RT @jjauthor: Let’s go #Nevada.  Vote Danny!!!!! Pass it on!!! 
@MrsT106 @DannyTarkanian"
18,"RT @MrsT106: THANK YOU JANIE! 
https://t.co/IRl73SOshS"
19,@jjauthor @MrsT106 Thank you Janie.
20,"Even if you refuse to blame Biden for breaking everything, you can certainly blame him for NOT FIXING anything."
21,@KandiWikinson @TuckerCarlson That link does not go to the RNC. It goes directly to my campaign.
22,"I joined @TuckerCarlson to discuss the state of our race here in Nevada's 2nd District and why my opponent, Mark Amodei, is a member of the DC Swamp ""good old boy network"".

DC is protecting their own, but I've got the vote of the people.

Chip in now: https://t.co/3KDrSFLNhk https://t.co/4CE2q2bSaE"
23,When is the primetime hearing about the Biden Crime Family?
24,"Inflation is skyrocketing to new all time highs, we’re facing a probable recession, and gas surpassed $5 making a historical high. 

Can anyone honestly say the Democrats are doing a good job?"
25,"We have the TRUTH, TUCKER, and TARK TENACITY on our side. I'm grateful for this opportunity. 
https://t.co/xTTiuUig10 https://t.co/vWSffyN8BF"
26,"I’ll be on Tucker Carlson tonight at 8:00pm!

If you want to support our campaign and stand AGAINST the DC swamp, you can do so by donating to our campaign right here 👇🏼

https://t.co/tM2L0f5pO3"
27,"America, WAKE UP!

Our constitutional right to bear arms is being stripped from us before our very eyes. 

If we’re silent, we’ll fail. If we’re LOUD, we’ll win!"
28,RT @MrsT106: Today is the last day to early vote Nevada! https://t.co/IRl73SOshS https://t.co/NntkeRQ66D
29,Correct me if I’m wrong but isn’t Pelosi refusing to seat GOP members on her sham committee a thousand times more dangerous to democracy than the Capitol riot ever was?
30,"If you think red flag laws sound great, see you how you feel when you’re labeled crazy just for thinking 5-year-olds shouldn’t attend drag shows."
31,"If Democrats would focus on something other than January 6th, maybe we wouldn’t have $6.00 gas!"
32,RT @JudiciaryGOP: Why aren’t Democrats showing this clip? https://t.co/gRwBX86JJk
33,"As you watch the #January6thHearings, remember that my opponent Mark Amodei blames President Trump for January 6th despite having NO evidence to prove that!"
34,"Did you see us waving signs at South Lake Tahoe?

Honk next time you see us! https://t.co/2V6B2TSSkO"
35,RT @Jim_Jordan: When’s the primetime hearing on baby formula shortages?
36,"While 11,000 Keystone XL pipeline workers are still on the sideline, Joe Biden is buying oil from Venezuela and solar panels from China.

Where’s the outrage?!"
37,@laurenboebert Anyone who wishes to disarm the American people is an enemy of the American people.
38,"Nevadans are fighters. I’m a fighter. 

Amodei is a spineless liberal bureaucrat. 

Which would you prefer?"
39,"I’m running to put Nevadans FIRST. 

Amodei is running to put Amodei first. 

See the issue?"
40,Background checks CANNOT work if liberal prosecutors keep releasing criminals.
41,"If Matthew McConaughey thinks he’s going to smile into the camera and get the Second Amendment repealed, he’s completely wrong."
42,"On this anniversary of #DDay — 78 years ago, let us remember the thousands of heroes and allied troops we lost who made the ultimate sacrifice so we can be free. 

We remember them today, yesterday, and always."
43,"When you donate to our campaign, we use it to reach more voters and win this race.

Might as well donate gift cards to Capital Grille when you donate to Mark’s campaign."
44,"High Inflation, High Gas prices, High taxes. 

That’s the outcome of Democrat leadership."
45,"The Swamp is coming for me because I’m standing in the way between them and you. 

Remember that."
46,"The new trend in politics has become troublingly clear: just throw everything at the wall, true or false, and see what sticks.

It's worse than ever.

We don't even debate ideas. We just get dirt slung at one another.

Who exactly does that help? Who exactly does that serve?"
47,"If you keep electing the same people, don’t expect different results.

Amodei was part of the Republican House from 2017-2019 where NOTHING was done despite every branch of government being controlled by Republicans.

Vote for him again and he’ll do the same."
48,"Biden’s cognitive decline is undeniable.

We see it in every speech and every appearance.

If you treated your senile relative this way it would be elder abuse.

When Democrats do it it’s called politics."
49,"Gun rights are American rights. 

Shall not be infringed isn’t optional during national tragedies. Our constitutional rights are absolute."
50,"The Washington Establishment is afraid of me. 

They’re afraid of an America First patriot who can’t be bought."
51,The swamp has officially swooped in to save one of it's own. Im calling out the lies at 11:15 AM PT. https://t.co/TFuv6GwpY2
52,If a dangerous position on immigration is to oppose any form of amnesty &amp; wanting a wall on our Southern Border… then I’m happy to take that “dangerous position”.
53,"RT @MrsT106: Excellent Op Ed on why ⁦@DannyTarkanian⁩ should replace incumbent Mark Amodei. 

Northern Nevada demands a representative who…"
54,"Amodei is a mouthpiece for Washington Establishment. 

You know it, I know it, we all know it."
55,"Nevadans need a change in leadership; so long as we have establishment puppets in office, we will lose the war for our freedoms to the radical Left."
56,"Biden wants to talk about gun manufacturers being shielded from liability?

What about VACCINE MANUFACTURERS being shielded from liability?"
57,"The Swamp dumping money into a race to beat me should tell the voters of Nevada the only thing they should know. They're worried about the people having a real voice in Washington, DC and want to keep their status quo."
58,It was terrific meeting with so many everyday Nevadans and waving signs with my family in Gardnerville! https://t.co/vzWiQhfKzO
59,"If inflation gets any higher, Americans should be able to write off these gas expenses on their taxes."
60,"The government never tells you the truth.

If theyre telling you something, they’re lying."
61,"Nevadans deserve better than a weak-minded and spineless government pawn. 

They deserve a fighter. A leader. A champion. 

I’ll be that and more."
62,"America is in ruins as a result of single party Democrat leadership. 

How can someone justify voting for a Democrat these days?"
63,"Nevadans deserve better that weak and passive liberal leadership. 

Yes, I’m talking about Mark Amodei."
64,Janet Yellen on everything in her entire career: “I was wrong”. https://t.co/dsPbtVRx3C
65,"Mayor London Breed just unveiled a plan to end trans homelessness.

Not ALL homelessness. JUST TRANS PEOPLE.

Under the Democrat rules, you either have to be trans or illegal to get any acknowledgment from your government."
66,I wonder if Kamala enjoyed her long weekend?
67,"I never thought in my lifetime that we’d need a movement where we wanted to put America First. 

The fact that there’s opposition to putting the American people first is genuinely frightening."
68,"Tulsi, just switch parties already! https://t.co/jyKKOMKE3K"
69,"This #MemorialDay, we honor the men and women who gave their lives in service to our nation.

God bless them, their families, and this beautiful country. https://t.co/AEuEPCKEeb"
70,"American innovation can get us back on track in numerous ways. 

Environmental, manufacturing, and commercial solutions. 

All without attacking American industries, jobs, and livelihoods."
71,"America First isn’t a problem for Washington, it’s the SOLUTION. 

America First puts the people first. 

Now you see why politicians have a problem with it…"
72,"Today, join my family and me as we pray for a better nation. 

One that is so bright for our children that our parental minds can finally be at ease."
73,"Democrats don’t want you to be ashamed to be an addict.

Democrats don’t want you to be ashamed to be obese.

They are making it very clear that they want to make America a country where unhealthy behaviors are the new normal, and they don’t care how much it hurts us."
74,"Paul Pelosi was just arrested for a DUI.

Frankly, if you were Nancy Pelosi’s husband you’d be drunk all day, too."
75,The Left has done such a great job of defunding and destroying the police that many wouldn't run into danger now for fear of being sued or having their personal lives ruined for offending one of the Left's preferred demographics.
76,The Left is more proud to virtue signal about supporting Ukraine than they are to say they're proudly American.
77,"Biden’s foreign policy is to fund a foreign war and bring countries weeks away from armed conflict into NATO.  

The only thing Biden is building is WWIII."
78,"RT @MrsT106: #MemorialDayWeekend 
#ThankYouForYourService https://t.co/O3bffrWoIS"
79,My man! https://t.co/G2sgtKZDJe
80,"Did you see us waving signs in Dayton? 

We are out here connecting with Nevadans every day, and we are UNITED in restoring conservative leadership to our communities. https://t.co/isXevFYiHK"
81,"You can't pay back your $100,000 in student loans because no one is hiring a Gender Studies major who minored in transgender dance theory?

Yeah, I don't need to have my tax dollars help sort that situation out."
82,How are our children going to save for a house or a 401k when they can’t even fill up the tank of their car?
83,A liberal doesn't need to look for facts. They operate on feelings. Facts are used only when they support the preconceived narrative. Otherwise they're discounted as conspiracy theories.
84,Do Americans have to move to Ukraine for the US government to care about them?
85,We will never surrender our rights.
86,"It's not an issue of guns, it's an issue of mental health.

Nobody in their right mind would commit such a horrific act."
87,"9/11 happened &amp; we increased airport security 100x.

Why is the Left so repulsed by increasing security at schools with vulnerable children?"
88,"Our brand new ad is ready to go!

With four days until early voting begins, I really need your help to get it on the air.

Will you chip in to our campaign right now?

https://t.co/tM2L0f5pO3 https://t.co/TKOiKkHP4G"
89,"Faith. Family. Hard work.

Those are my family values, which are the values I’m bringing to Congress. 

Watch my NEW Ad! https://t.co/uOfnWGxnbj"
90,"We know the Supreme Court leaker is on the Left.

If he/she was a conservative we'd 100% know who they are by now."
91,"The American Dream is on life support.

We have one final chance to bring it back to life in 2022.

Are you on board or not?"
92,"This #ArmedForcesDay, join me in honoring our heroic Armed Forces for defending this great nation.
 
To the brave men &amp; women of the U.S. Armed Forces, thank you for your heroism, commitment to serving this country, and the sacrifice you make so we can be free.

God bless you! https://t.co/MivMGJ2my8"
93,"The uniparty establishment will do anything to keep ordinary people out of office.

Just look at what was done to Kathy Barnette in Pennsylvania and Madison Cawthorn in North Carolina.

They want the monopoly on power by any means."
94,"I still can't get over that Twitter employee saying they only work about four hours a week.

The only person with a lighter workload is part-time Congressman Mark Amodei.

Prince of the Pelosi Proxy Vote."
95,"The WHO treaty is designed to target the unvaccinated.

Why would any free country support that removal or rights from any citizenry?"
96,"New York, which has some of the nation’s STRICTEST GUN LAWS, continues to have acts of senseless violence. 

Bad people commit gun violence. 

Good people prevent it."
97,"You know what would have prevented the gunman in Buffalo?

A constitutional carry law emboldening Americans’ Second Amendment right to defend themselves."
98,"RT @GOP: NEW: Just 16% say our nation is headed in the right direction.
 
The Biden and Democrat agenda is failing our country."
99,"My opponent is Nancy Pelosi with an R in front of his name. 

Mass amnesty, reckless spending of trillions of taxpayer dollars, funding for planned parenthood… shall I go on?"
