Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"June 27 is National PTSD Awareness Day, we can raise a awareness about this mental health condition by taking the stigma out, and putting understanding in!
You are not alone. https://t.co/S6G2Urmrq8"
1,RT @benfelder_okc: When Gov. Stitt signed permitless carry into law he predicted it would make the state safer from gun violence. Gun death…
2,"Dust yourself off, channel your fear and disgust, and go VOTE! 

Today is the last day of ""early voting."" Voting locations are open until 2 p.m. 

Don't forget! Even if you don't have a party primary, you may still have nonpartisan elections to vote for on the ballot."
3,https://t.co/JoI4VZVcS1
4,RT @DICKS: https://t.co/TvOX7rNkkr
5,"Striking down Roe V Wade is an attack on Reproductive Freedom. This is not a win for life...If they can strike down that decision, removing federal protection and putting it in the hands of the states what is next! Wake up People!!!!"
6,@RepMullin Wow!
7,Today is a beautiful day to recognize and reflect on #juneteenth2022 https://t.co/2bsIang6rh
8,"@SenatorLankford-Why would you vote against a bill to expand coverage for Veterans suffering from illnesses such as cancer and lung problems caused by toxic exposure to burn pits?
HR 3967 still passed (84-14) and is heading to the President's desk."
9,"@SenatorLankford why would you vote against a bill expanding coverage for Veterans suffering from illnesses such as cancer and lung problems caused by toxic exposure to burn pits?

HR 3967 still passed (84-14) and is heading to the President's desk. https://t.co/UneabdVVqk"
10,"@Ruth_HHopkins I love this, absolutely beautiful"
11,"June 12th is Women Veterans Day, we show gratitude to my sisters in arms who have served this great nation, thank those women who are currently serving and remember and honor those who valiantly laid down their lives https://t.co/Noh8WX9kej"
12,"When we put action into thoughts and prayers into medicine, we got cures and the ability to heal...I am tired of this platitude of elected officials only power-prayer. You need to be prayed out of office...wait that requires an action of voting"
13,"#PTSDAwarenessMonth
Not all wounds are visible.
June is PTSD Awareness Month"
14,"May 31, 1921, thousands of white supremacists descended on the city’s Black Greenwood District, burning homes and businesses and killing hundreds of people. The Tulsa Race Massacre is of the most horrifying acts of racial violence in our nation’s history."
15,@Ramagan1967 It is the day we remember our fallen
16,"While Memorial Day has become a day for BBQ's, get togethers and sales, let us never forget the real reason for this day, and why so many have off work to observe it."
17,Just a friendly reminder https://t.co/9vEh4aEl0k
18,"On Armed Forces Day, I would like to recognize my brothers and sisters in arms who wear the uniform to defend our country at home and abroad. Thank you for having the watch! https://t.co/frwvZAtCxJ"
19,@crazyraiderrad2 Maybe you think you're are enlighten me to something I'm unaware of....but you aren't... I am for a woman's right to choose all women....my post is not about any of those other items so again you can move on with that...full stop
20,@jesuslover122 Miss me with that...what does your beliefs have to do with others?
21,@crazyraiderrad2 I've heard that before did my own research and the rights of women and their choices.. outweigh any propoganda...Pro choice is not genocide..so miss me with that
22,"The Oklahoma legislature passed the most strict anti-abortion law, banning abortion at the moment of fertilization. This is not pro-life, this is pro control. It has never been more urgent that we elect pro-choice leaders at the local, state, and federal level."
23,"The Oklahoma Primary Election is June 28th. 
Important information:
*Voter Registration - 6/3
*Absentee Ballot Request - 6/13 by 5pm
*Early, In-Person Voting  - June 23-25
*Election Day - 6/28, 7am-7pm 
Update voter info &amp; request absentee ballots at https://t.co/ExQUMEhNbv"
24,"We simply cannot leave our rural veterans behind, closing the VA Medical Center in Muskogee is a dereliction of duty to those who have served our country. 
 Please sign this online petition to help save the Jack C. Montgomery VA Hospital 

https://t.co/nw9ZHVMdBH"
25,"Wishing a joyous Mother's Day to all the moms, grandmothers, aunties and mother figures that invest their time, prayers, energy, and love into our children each and every day!"
26,"May 5 is the National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls (MMIWG). 

No More Stolen Sisters! https://t.co/DLVVkcdycu"
27,"So much for a ""Settled Law""...
If the Supreme Court can nullify Roe v Wade-decision made over 50 years ago
What's next? 
Brown v Board? 
Dred Scott? 
Loving v Virginia? 
Obergefell v. Hodges...
I mean if abortion is left up to the states where does your state stand?"
28,"Teachers, truly are the unsung heroes within our communities they do not always get the respect or pay they deserve. 
Please take a moment to thank teachers/educators for all they do! 

Happy Teacher Appreciation Week"
29,Happy 🌎 Day! May we be reminded to appreciate and protect  the only Earth we have https://t.co/il1WbtfeUt
30,Happy 4.20 a joyous occasion not only to celebrate marijuana but to *seriously* commit ourselves to the full legalization of cannabis. Let’s remember those who are still incarcerated and going to jail for what is legal in some states
31,"Today, we remember the 168 including 19 children who were killed, those who survived and those changed forever by the OKC bombing (Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building) April 19, 1995 https://t.co/G5dX7PntUk"
32,"Thinking about running for office? 
The clock is ticking on Oklahoma’s filing period for federal, state, legislative, judicial, and district attorney offices. 

Candidate filing in Oklahoma ends today, at 5:00pm"
33,"Oklahoma’s candidate filing is now officially open

Candidates running for federal, state, county, legislative, and judicial offices can file April 13-15."
34,233 years later....Congratulations Justice Brown!
35,"OKLAHOMA-We have so many important elections today!
The Board of Education General Election and other special elections are happening today in 72 counties! The polls will be open 7-7
Click here to see your county election list: https://t.co/ftxW056MX7"
36,"RT @JHarrisTill: Today I’m proud to launch my campaign for Congress. @JHTforCongress 

https://t.co/gMph7hLG2K"
37,Confirmation hearings for Ketanji Brown Jackson will begin today with the Judiciary Committee. She is an excellent nominee with impeccable qualifications!
38,"Just so we are clear...
Diplomacy and our armed forces is what keeps us safe from foreign enemies. 
It is a sad day when politicians and greedy corporations are using 2A and what is happening in the Ukraine to sell guns and home security systems.."
39,@ElmoLibRoaster Even if....its still a historic move her experience alone warrants her to be there
40,"The nomination of Judge Kentanji Jackson Brown is historic! If confirmed, she will be the first Black woman to serve on the Supreme Court."
41,I feel awful for the people of Ukraine who are seeing their country attacked and are either fighting or fleeing for their lives. Prayers for the all that trapped in the middle of this war
42,@TheLostOgle @kfor This is horrible!
43,@weather_katie @Twitter I'm so sorry Katie that you have to deal with this!
44,"Today, we pause to pay tribute to more than 19 million of my brothers and sisters in arms who at one time took an oath that does not have an expiration date, we will  continue to fight for democracy as veterans every day! https://t.co/V02OH91sP9"
45,"We cannot frame today's execution as ""botched"" when you knew in 2015 the reaction the drugs caused, and still proceeded. What happened to John Grant today was inhumane and torture"
46,"Happy Birthday to the US Navy!
Today marks the Navy's 246th birthday. We have the finest naval force in the world-
to our nation’s sailors, past and present, Thank you for your service."
47,"RT @SimonMoyaSmith: Reason No. 1,492 why Columbus Day should no longer be a holiday:

Christopher Columbus would hang 13 Indigenous people…"
48,"RT @OkDemVets: Meet @hicks4ok @afugate @danyell_lanier  at our  #OKDemVets traditional pancake breakfast on Saturday 9/25, 8:00am-11:00am a…"
49,"The Logan Act is a federal law that criminalizes negotiations by UNAUTHORIZED American citizens with foreign governments. 
This FEDERAL law is designed to stop the undermining of the U.S government's position."
50,"As a Veteran I recognize what it means to be brave, however  that does not mean be stupid. We must recognize our limits and the consequences of breaking those limits"
51,"It has been six months since insurrectionists attacked our democracy- and yet not one single charge for those that organized, encouraged, or funded it! 
We will never forget January 6th 2021, those that are responsible need to be held accountable"
52,"I'll reserve my ""relief"" for the sentencing...the fact that we even have to brace ourselves for a guilty verdict shows us where we stand in within this country"
53,Fifty three years ago today Dr. Martin Luther King Jr was assassinated. Today we reflect on his legacy &amp; love. We believe that his examples of compassion and love are still applicable and needed today more than ever. Dr. King your legacy lives on through us
54,"Twice in one year is too much! I’m sick of this!
One US Capitol Police officer has died and another is injured after a suspect rammed a vehicle into a police barricade outside the Capitol building."
55,@BrandonSuttles6 I am sorry
56,"What happened in metro Atlanta is heartbreaking. Eight innocent people, including six Asian-American women were murdered in cold blood. A ""really bad day does not result in homicide and I refuse to even use a cop out like that. We must condemn racism when it is seen"
57,Thank you! https://t.co/3XTsF3P02g
58,"Someone once wrote “There’s a reason why the most important chess piece is the QUEEN”! 
Happy International Women's Day! Thank you to all the women throughout history who have fought for equality in every field and stood up for what they believe in"
59,RT @PowellForGA14: My name is Jeremy Powell and I’m putting together a campaign to run against @mtgreenee in the 2022 Republican primary fo…
60,"World Teen Mental Wellness Day, we recognize that many students are struggling with mental health challenges and not use this as a political ploy to reopen schools when we cant get the funding needed to keep them safe in-person https://t.co/6t1AasYsYF"
61,"“I have never killed any one, but I have read some obituary notices with great satisfaction.” – Mark Twain"
62,"""There's a lot that is broken in this country, but none of the problems are so big that we can't fix them so long as we all begin with acknowledging each other's humanity"""
63,"This is a tragic, historic first. My condolences to @Rep Ron Wright's family during this difficult time"
64,"Check out this article: All Five Oklahoma Congressional Reps Stand Behind Anti-Semite, 9/11 Denier Rep. Marjorie Greene - https://t.co/CCcBBvCA5z"
65,"The commemoration of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day is a painful reminder that we must make a 
commitment to counter antisemitism, racism, and any other form of hate https://t.co/zwpANkdaPn"
66,It is a great day for Democracy
67,"Did you know that MLK Day is the only federal holiday designated by Congress as a day of service? 
On this day, we are encouraged to take ""a day on, not a day off"" and serve our communities."
68,Another reason for Campaign Finance Reform https://t.co/JSsnRqL7qp
69,@FPWellman @RepMullin You are not alone!
70,Oklahoma's District 2 have you had enough? https://t.co/2AN5jXNKTW
71,"@mkraju And to think Oklahoma chose him over me a Navy Veteran, Cherokee Citizen and decent human being"
72,https://t.co/zq9yaGN1kq
73,@nickwestes I was his 2020 opponent for that seat there are lots of people that now have voter's remorse
74,"Team Lanier is heartbroken to learn of the incredibly tragic, needless death of Officer Brian Sicknick, who sustained injuries protecting the Capitol. His death will be investigated as a homicide."
75,Disgusting! https://t.co/UcKGxp7jje
76,Every GOP member that had a hand in today's coup should be removed from their seats please sign and share this petition https://t.co/t4RfN8wfu3
77,"What exactly did you expect to happen when you challenge democracy with tales of fraud? You are partly responsible for this insurrection! 
This is treason! https://t.co/8vl5Ee3ntM"
78,"We need to start looking to our Constitution-Article I, Section 5, clause 2, about expulsion for members of Congress that violate their oath. Not showing up to vote should be at the top of the list"
79,How did your Congressional Rep vote? https://t.co/C89ZXYkOdT
80,"There is no right way to holiday in 2020. This year has been filled with change and great loss enjoy it as best you can! Please check on loved ones and friends if you can..People may spend time alone, but I hope noone feels as if they are actually alone 
Stay Safe"
81,"It's DONE! Accept the results!
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris won the #ElectoralCollegeVote. 
Continued false allegations of election fraud is dangerous and desperate like screaming ""fire"" in a crowded theater
Stop it!"
82,"Homelessness and mental health issues should not result in death. Mental Health Awareness, Training and resources are vital tools to increase public safety 
His name is Bennie Edwards"
83,"While I understand the Constitution wasn't originally written to include me, I strongly doubt this is what the Founders would have wanted for our country-the abandonment of democracy for fascism. This frivolous lawsuit is simply anti-democratic and Anti-American"
84,"It's time to stop obsessing over the idea that this election was ""stolen"" from President Trump. What is concerning is the willingness to subvert the vote of the people in order to keep this facade going it is a disgrace to our Constitution and our Democracy"
85,This is not okay https://t.co/DU6BnpaH17
86,"RT @USNavy: Today, we honor and remember those who lost their lives during the attack on Pearl Harbor 79 years ago.

#HonorThem #PearlHarbo…"
87,"Today we honor and celebrate the Mother of the Civil Rights Movement Ms. Rosa Parks was arrested for refusing to give up her bus seat in Montgomery, AL. 
We will continue our fight for justice in her legacy. https://t.co/8k95YsceQg"
88,"Grief, looks different for everyone 
Today is International #survivorsofsuicidelossday, a day to come together, heal together and love together. https://t.co/EitOPN7Jcm"
89,RT @staceyabrams: I will be tuning in. Will you?👀 #VERZUZ
90,"""Whenever and wherever the nation has called-in times of darkness and danger as well as in times of peace and prosperity-America's veterans have been there...proudly carrying the torch of liberty for all to see""- Gen Colin Powell
Happy Veterans Day"
91,"Hoo Rah!
Trust is not given it is earned 
Thank you to my brother and sisters in arms for 245 years of excellence
Happy Birthday Marine Corps"
92,Remember #Sheservestoo https://t.co/GzupKgduTl
93,Our elections are for the people by the people. The shear number of voters has been astounding and record shattering
94,@MonicaSmalls2 @TheAdamSmithee @RepMullin Straight Ticket Voting saved them all
95,"You must prioritize your mental health during this troublesome time. Take care of your mental health, check on friends and family many people are not okay"
96,"Let us not forget that its #NativeAmericanHeritageMonth  It's important to understand and educate yourselves on Native American history and culture, as many HIStory books have twisted the truth."
97,@BrentNoury @AndyKindler @majorityfm Yes we are happy to call in please let us know when
98,"@OklahomaDemocr1 I know, but from I understand with phone banking and texting many wanted Joe &amp; Kamala and sitting top Dems to be vocal."
99,"@OklahomaDemocr1 The Dems I spoke with that shared they were voting Republican said Top Dems did not denounce the looting and rioting, Top Dems did not stand against the claims of late term abortions up to birth, Dems messaging is inconsistent"
