Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Some people are just lost and don't see what is really going on in the USA.  It is sad that so many are so brainwashed.  They need to wake up!  If the truth hurts then you are the one with the problem!
1,@edwardnelson4tn Its not racist. It is the way it is and how things work today.  If you don't get it then you are a lost sole. I don't mention any races we are all the same collared people no white no black.  All diff shades of brown.
2,Check out this awesome sign I just created at https://t.co/UphyxP8lwV! https://t.co/LFL1ZMjN2Y
3,Here is my view on the Ukraine fiasco and a few other things. https://t.co/b8TwwjWyXZ
4,If you live in the state of TN. Please tell your friends and family about me and share.  I am running for the people of Tennessee.  #wwg1wga
5,I made a new video about my views on the virus. https://t.co/YU1MLp2Tjh
6,I took the time to complete @Ballotpedia's candidate survey to share my vision and goals. You'll be able to see the responses on my profile shortly.
7,@seanhannity what a joke!  LMAO
8,"It gets discouraging some times, when ya ask them about politics and they just don't get it.  There are to many people that are like that and they wonder why our country is the way it is. Get involved make a diff.  WWG1WGA"
9,I took the time to complete @Ballotpedia's candidate survey to share my vision and goals. You'll be able to see the responses on my profile shortly.
10,@seanhannity That's a state problem not a country problem. The People of the country should not have to bail out CA.  They think they are so much better than the rest of the country.  What happen to there grate economy they keep bosting about.  How much is she getting in Kick back?
11,Here is some good info on CV-19 https://t.co/3yx7wizWXN
12,@RepTimBurchett Agreed
13,Have my cards still setting up my Bank info. Getting there slowly with this virus around.  But I have the time also setting up my YouTube acct.  I want to do a 1 hr live event every week.  Stay tuned for more info.
14,"@RepDanCrenshaw Keep up the good work hope to see ya soon.  I was contacted by Tennessee Secretary of State, Division of Elections and they said that I am good to go on my paper work and everything checked out. So I am now an official   U. S. Senate Candidate for the state of Tennessee."
15,"I have some NEWS. I was contacted by Tennessee Secretary of State, Division of Elections and they said that I am good to go on my paper work and everything checked out. So I am now an official U S Senate Candidate for the state of Tennessee."
16,@brithume @DonaldJTrumpJr Very good question!  Needs to be in jail.  D. Schuster R/TN for US Senate.
17,"@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump The left Has gone nuts! Everything they say about the right is what they have been doing. D. Schuster  R/TN 
For US Senate"
18,Hello to all. I am running for US Senate for the state of Tennessee. I am a Republican. I am doing things under Schuster Campaign for now. Will change if elected.  I am running for the people. I will not sell out.  Have a good day.
19,@RepDanCrenshaw Hi there Dan. I like what you are doing. I am running for US Senate in TN. I would not have restricted the president. He needs the flexibility to do his Job.  Hope to see you in DC.
