Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"If you're arguing about muskets right now, you're exactly the kind of useful idiot that every tyrant dreams of."
1,"Democrats: Putting the ""men"" in ""women's sports"" since 2020."
2,.@AOC and other woke acolytes are now using “ladies and theydies and gents” as their latest way to be inclusive… and also assault the English language.
3,@laurenboebert I guess Greta Thunberg is no match for Vladimir Putin.
4,".@AOC just said that when you insult her you’re insulting every hospitality worker in America.

I was a bartender &amp; I think AOC is one of the most ignorant &amp; uninformed human beings to ever be given a seat in Congress.

Nothing to do with bartending, everything to do with her."
5,He’s not wrong. https://t.co/UiiGjVgMqh
6,"Joe Biden finally said the quiet part out loud when he said, ""he couldn't remember a time...""

It's nice that he's finally being truthful with us."
7,"RT @ArmendarizDis16: Last night, Mayra Flores made history in a district that had been Democrat for a century.

Hispanic candidates &amp; distr…"
8,"Is anyone at all surprised that AOC is one of the 27 Democrats who voted for our SCOTUS Justices to face assassination attempts without any additional security?

AOC believes in the Communist style of justice. If you can't get them to vote your way, get them OUT of the way."
9,"The Left is getting what they want in New York.

I will always back the blue.  https://t.co/LTPny7dPy6"
10,Not a care in the world other than her manicure. Unreal. https://t.co/qrRl7gd3d1
11,@TheLeoTerrell CNN
12,"Doubt Chesa Boudin will even choose to live in the crime-ridden hellhole that he created now that his taxpayer-funded security is over.

You probably never thought they'd recall a liberal DA in San Francisco.

Wait til I beat AOC in NYC."
13,Simply unbelievable. https://t.co/c8WnB2kxaL
14,AOC has an opinion on everything except governing. https://t.co/zF1vZ9Lies
15,"Don’t bring your kids to drag shows.

Is that too much to ask?"
16,"Constituents in NY-14 want to know how the government is helping to fix inflation, curb utility costs and bring down the price of gas.

They want representation that will help them in this time of dire need.

Meanwhile, AOC is offering lessons on Taino culture &amp; etymology. https://t.co/f9TBYySRYL"
17,"It’s June 2022, and Mayor Adams is still forcing MASKS on toddlers.

Even if you’re a Democrat, you should be able to see the wrongness of this horrible assault on our children.

DeBlasio didn’t leave, he just slithered out of one skin into another."
18,We should let Pride have 24 hours and give our Veterans a full month.
19,"RT @Kathy4Truth: What are we doing, America?

Our country is in turmoil - babies are literally starving because they cannot get formula.

W…"
20,"I have no issues with women or fake eyelashes.

I have an issue with this person collecting a taxpayer-funded salary only to be so “bored” that she has time to play around like an Instagram influencer. https://t.co/52VXWD0Hg3"
21,"We pay @AOC $174,000 to post videos of herself trying on fake eyelashes."
22,"The people in NY-14 are barely keeping their head above water with rising inflation and utility prices that they can’t keep up with.

Here’s what the alleged representative for these people is currently posting on social media.

RT this to help me defeat this clown in November. https://t.co/l6PnBelXIj"
23,"Well, looks like Paul Pelosi quickly realized that he cannot outdrink Nancy “Pass The Courvoisier” Pelosi.

That IV drip of Grey Goose has done Nancy no favors, but it sure has upped her tolerance."
24,He just killed irony. https://t.co/TdTsz6S9Ra
25,@TrashMan123456 Try reading the Constitution when you get a chance.
26,"We don’t have mass shootings in airports.

Why? We have security there.

Why don’t we secure our schools the way we secure airports?

We know what works. Take the best &amp; implement it in schools.

Parents should not send their kids to school and have to worry if they’ll come home."
27,Hope they all fed their cats prior to going to this protest. https://t.co/aLzxWBnLNu
28,@DAngryAmerican Thats exactly what I’m doing.
29,@JeanetteCarlom4 @ProudElephantUS @AOC Nope.
30,@FeliceJMiller1 @AOC I’m a Republican.
31,@KickTheDustUpK @AOC I’ve been publicly anti-mandate from day one of my campaign.
32,"If you want to help us win this race, I need you to click the link below and donate to our campaign.

You’d be very surprised at the response on the ground in this district. People are ready for a change. I can be that change.

Will you help us win? https://t.co/H9YHHJxWQe"
33,"America, I’m your best shot at getting @AOC out of office in 2022.

I’m a Cuban-American who was born in NY-14 and I’m NOT a psychotic socialist.

If you want to get rid of AOC I want you to RT this post &amp; follow my Twitter account.

It costs you nothing &amp; could save America!"
34,"Welp, then call me transphobic. https://t.co/Mm8XrXz9fY"
35,"Paid for by your tax dollars,  NYC. https://t.co/2JBIy6HhFv"
36,@pitbull Quiero conectarme con tu gente para hablar contigo. https://t.co/NsLaI6L9cE
37,"After looking at the @JackPosobiec footage again I found a couple of things interesting.

1.The WEF has had their own private police force, for over a decade, that can arrest anyone at will.
2.They went with Orange and Black for this years patch.

What else don’t we know? https://t.co/y67boFBr1Z"
38,"Zelenskyy got a standing ovation from the WEF when introduced by Klaus Schwab.

The more you see, the more you realize that Ukraine is just a pawn to help move the world where the WEF wants it to go."
39,"Want bipartisan consensus on an issue?

Communist Bill DeBlasio belongs nowhere near Congress.

99% of Americans can agree on that one."
40,"Today we’re remembering Officer Mora and Officer Rivera of the NYPD’s 32nd precinct whose lives were cut short earlier this year.

It’s not enough to never forget anymore.

Things have gone too far for too long. https://t.co/twQ5kvQEv8"
41,Kids aren’t confused about what gender they are.
42,@EnesFreedom @SpeakerPelosi @TeamPelosi Don’t trust her @EnesFreedom she’s no good.
43,"When did it become socially acceptable to disrespect Christianity but not any other religion?

The Modern Left has weaponized media, entertainment and politics to openly mock and undermine Christianity.

Reject Wokeism

And be inexorable in your faith

Because Christ is King."
44,"The Buffalo shooter was known to the authorities for a FULL year after threatening to shoot up his school.

@TishJames was too busy trying to manufacture crimes on President Trump while ignoring the threats right in front of her."
45,"Hopefully Pennsylvania can choose @Kathy4Truth today so that voters in the general election can actually have a Republican on the ballot instead of Oz.

I don’t think we’ve ever seen a worse Republican candidate than Oz."
46,"Day. Of. Birth.

This man is unfit for society, let alone the Mayoral office. https://t.co/0Es6PMROsq"
47,"RT @NYSYR: November’s #redwave will bring a new generation of Republican leadership to Washington, and we’re excited to see our own #YRsRun…"
48,"Some people have no problem harassing you for saying that you’re thinking about buying a puppy from a breeder instead of adopting one from a kill shelter.

Meanwhile, these are the same people encouraging women to abort their babies instead of putting them up for adoption."
49,@DeplorableDojo Me? Or did you mean to direct that message to Warren? https://t.co/BvWNTtOUrH
50,I don’t think @SenWarren has been this upset since 23andMe told her that she wasn’t Native American. https://t.co/pbXQEotsvh
51,"How can you say you are pro women’s rights when you

1. Can’t clearly define what a woman is. 
2. Believe gender is fluid.
3. Claim that both men and women can get pregnant.
4. Say that a baby is a clump of cells until it’s born, then magically it becomes a male or female."
52,"RT @DannyTarkanian: The mental gymnastics the Left has to go through to force health choices on Americans, say abortion is healthcare, sayi…"
53,Another day in the city Mayor Adams is presiding over. https://t.co/63b8mXhguP
54,"This is what Eric Adams has given us. 

https://t.co/VpRP6j9xD8"
55,Once Elon Musk is done fixing Twitter he should buy some major news outlets and publications.
56,"Twitter insiders predicted an 'exodus' is likely to follow Elon Musk's takeover…

The only type of exodus that we should expect should be from the millions of Twitter bots that are going to get deactivated."
57,"I’m not sure if having Eric Adams for mayor feels more like DeBlasio never left, or Lori Lightfoot snuck into the office."
58,"My thoughts and prayers go out to the many people who spent countless hours removing so called ""harmful content"" from twitter thinking it was important and will now be forced to find something equally as pointless to do."
59,RT @DannyTarkanian: Did everyone move to Canada already?
60,"We have been the majority this whole time.

The silent majority shall be silent no more."
61,.@elonmusk EXECUTE ORDER 66
62,Bring the Orange Man back.
63,"RT @TerryNamkung: Our nation is on a one-way trip to disaster.

I dedicated my entire life to our country and after 21 years in the US Air…"
64,"The left allows CNN &amp; MSNBC to shape their reality.

The right watches Fox News &amp; Newsmax to affirm their reality.

At this point it’s better to trust your own heart and mind, and just use news as backup."
65,"Fauci says he's unpopular because he has so much integrity.

$5 says next month this clown will be saying we all want to date him."
66,".@AOC says if Republicans get the house back we’ll be able to overturn the next election.

1. Rule of thumb is “everything they accuse us of doing, they’re doing”

2 . AOC should be spending her energy focused on all the crime in our district"
67,I will refrain from comment. https://t.co/q3E3qLWSLF
68,Communists. https://t.co/EfwtFHw0tO
69,"People said we were crazy when we predicted pedophiles would try to sneak in under the LGBT umbrella, and then they started calling themselves MAPs (Minor Attracted Persons) and nobody said anything."
70,"If you were still going on airplanes in the closest of quarters possible during such a dangerous pandemic, relying on a piece of cloth to save your life, you're either naive or you were never actually afraid in the first place, otherwise you would not be flying at all."
71,"If the government actually used our tax dollars to benefit the AMERICAN people, we wouldn’t hate paying them so much! https://t.co/h3Cw8yb3zi"
72,Never ends in NYC. https://t.co/SYFHWYAlJF
73,"Eric Adams is just the latest member to sign on to the Democrats’ “Destroy America”agenda.

And as long as people continue to vote DEMOCRAT, he won’t be the last.

It’s not rocket science folks. If you want life returned to normal, vote REPUBLICAN."
74,This is what progressive politics look like. https://t.co/f4mO49XgWC
75,A blue checkmark next to your name being a badge of honor is emblematic of how soft a society we've become.
76,All the taxes we pay and we can’t even get working subway cameras?
77,The best argument for school choice is just watching the videos @LibsOfTikTok finds.
78,How is this even legal? https://t.co/C7KORQLWJe
79,"“Possibly feeling a bit less safe.”

NO ONE FEELS SAFE AND WE HAVEN’T FOR QUITE SOME TIME! https://t.co/WxFvHMQ5lP"
80,"NY SUBWAY SHOOTING is what happens when the FBI, DHS, ATF, DOJ, SS and CIA are all too busy stalking innocent everyday Americans and ignoring actual threats to our country."
81,"If the left keeps aborting their babies they eventually won't have anyone to raise who believes in the same woke, society decaying ideas that they do.

Even then, I still think they deserve life."
82,"We need a new name for RINOs. It’s losing meaning. 

We need something harsher that truly shows what despicable traitors they are."
83,"RT @Kathy4Truth: PA cannot afford to hand our Senate seat to Mehmet Oz, especially with conservative alternatives.

I’m running for this se…"
84,We've more than DOUBLED the money supply over the last 2 years so tell me how it's possible that none of that fake money is going towards border security.
85,"RT @Kathy4Truth: Pennsylvania’s Senate seat will determine control of the US Senate.

I’m a conservative woman running for Senate to stand…"
86,How and Why is supporting free speech a right-wing thing now?
87,"The mom who confronted Mayor Adams on his failure to lift the toddler mask mandate was fired from her city job.

Adams is yet ANOTHER TROJAN HORSE for everything AMERICA is not: a loss of free speech, freedoms, and autonomy.

IF YOU VOTE DEMOCRAT YOU’RE VOTING AGAINST AMERICA."
88,"If you’re a NY parent you OWE it to your kids to vote Republican or leave the state.

Do it for the children."
89,"40% of NYC schoolkids are NOT showing up for classes anymore AND crime is going through the roof in our city.

This is not a COINCIDENCE.

Lax Democrat education policies and harsh COVID restrictions have created the perfect storm for CRIME to replace education!"
90,My tax dollars at work. https://t.co/VO8Z6eiKDC
91,"Recent articles state that the US Army is dealing with recruitment difficulties and shortages.

I'm sure it has nothing to do with the discharging of their young, healthy soldiers who refused to be vaccinated."
92,The unwritten rule of NYC has been broken: A slice of pizza costs more than a subway swipe for the first time.
93,"Mayor Adams is keeping the mask mandate for kids younger than 5.

There is currently ZERO spread of Covid at those ages, if there ever was any.

He’s not protecting children, he’s torturing them."
94,"AOC is going to get away with funneling more than $1 million in political donations into two companies controlled by a friend of hers.

They literally are giving her “a pass”.

I’m running against this corrupt socialist.

RT this &amp; FOLLOW me so we can hold her accountable in Nov!"
95,"The FEC just gave AOC a pass for BLATANTLY violating FEC rules &amp; guidelines.

This is behavior that must be punished or DC’s culture or corruption will never change.

HOLD AOC ACCOUNTABLE!"
96,"RT @raficarone_21: “Gives her a pass.”

That’s the most DC thing I’ve ever heard. 

Hold AOC accountable."
97,"AOC: “Subpoenas, investigations, and impeachment should absolutely be on the table. We shouldn’t have to think twice about that.”

For once we agree, but for JOE BIDEN NOT CLARENCE THOMAS."
98,RT @RepMontague: I’m running for Congress in the district where Disney World is &amp; was advised to be silent about Disney but I refuse to be…
99,"The words “AOC” and “IMPORTANT” should never be spoken in the same breath, unless it’s to say “It’s important that AOC be removed from Congress immediately”."
