Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
1,"Last week, the Supreme Court expanded the 2nd Amendment and overturned Roe v. Wade. 
 
It is time for Congress to act."
2,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
3,"We cannot let Kevin McCarthy ever become Speaker. That’s why flipping Florida’s 15th is so crucial. 

I’m going to flip this seat blue, and make sure McCarthy is never Speaker."
4,@cassswhit Question heir
5,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
6,"If you support decertifying a free and fair election and/or continue to push the Big Lie, you do not deserve to serve in public office. 

Pass it on."
7,Please consider making a contribution to the Tampa abortion fund to help support reproductive freedom in Florida: https://t.co/cLM6L0511M
8,"I was honored to stand with women across the Tampa area in support of reproductive freedom and against this activist Supreme Court. 

I am proud to support the millions of courageous women and pro-choice allies across our country organizing for the right to choose. https://t.co/PTOQRDMwE8"
9,"RT @RepSpeier: Roe may be dead but medication abortion used by 54% of women who have abortions is FDA approved, safe and effective. No clin…"
10,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
11,"While my GOP opponents are hellbent on banning abortions, I am focused on banning the weapons of war being used in school shootings."
12,RT @LeahMWillingham: The clinic staff spent Friday canceling the appointments of 60-70 patients scheduled for abortions in the coming weeks…
13,"Today’s decision makes clear that the Supreme Court is in need of major reform. 

We must expand the court."
14,"Today is a dark day in our history. 

We must codify Roe immediately."
15,"RT @BarackObama: Today, the Supreme Court not only reversed nearly 50 years of precedent, it relegated the most intensely personal decision…"
16,"RT @kylegriffin1: Clarence Thomas writes, in a concurring opinion, that the Supreme Court should reconsider Griswold, Lawrence, and Obergef…"
17,RT @MaxwellFrostFL: CODIFY THE RIGHT TO AN ABORTION IMMEDIATELY.
18,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
19,"Rick Scott and other Republicans want to cut your social security all while raising middle class taxes.  
 
We must combat this by electing a Democratic majority in November."
20,"RT @NormOrnstein: We now have a Supreme Court that is moving every aspect of our society in a radical direction, blowing up any reasonable…"
21,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
22,"Every American should be entitled to healthcare because healthcare is a human right. 

We need Medicare for all, and we need it now."
23,"If you help me flip Florida’s 15th Congressional District, Kevin McCarthy will never become Speaker. 

It is that simple."
24,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
25,"I am running for Congress to fight for: 

Universal health. Gun safety. Protecting choice. Defending democracy. Stopping corruption.
 
We will win together."
26,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
27,"My GOP opponents support allowing guns in schools and consistently launch attacks on trans kids playing in sports. 

They are radical, and with your help, we will stop them this year."
28,The right to receive an abortion is a human right. Pass it on.
29,@AndrewLearned Feels good though
30,RT @Parvesh: Folks. Friends. Floridians. Help out our pal @gellered for FL-15! Join me by pitching in too. https://t.co/zZQhzohUKd
31,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
32,"I am the only Democrat in my race that has consistently shown up and fought for Floridians during the past year. 

It is why voters will help elect me on November 8th."
33,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
34,"Roe v. Wade may be overturned tomorrow. 
 
It is more important than ever to state that reproductive rights are human rights."
35,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
36,"My Republican opponents are proud supporters of the NRA, and receive “A” ratings. 

I can assure you that I will receive an “F” when I am a member of Congress."
37,RT @Wright4Florida: Happy Juneteenth 🔴⚫️🟢! It was a pleasure to take part in and help sponsor the Juneteenth festivities here in Plant City…
38,"RT @staceyabrams: This #Juneteenth, we celebrate the emancipation of Black Americans and honor those who fought for this nation to live up…"
39,RT @BarackObama: Juneteenth is a time to commemorate the anniversary of the delayed news of freedom reaching the enslaved Black folks in Ga…
40,"RT @electMikeHarvey: Today is extra special. We are not only celebrating Father’s Day, but we are recognizing the struggle that enslaved Af…"
41,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
42,"From bridges to roads, our communities desperately need investment in local infrastructure. The bipartisan infrastructure bill was a start. 

When I am in Congress, I will continue pushing for increased investment."
43,Truly appalling behavior. Gender affirming care—like all healthcare—is a human right. https://t.co/LEBC9s8Yaj
44,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
45,"I am not your typical candidate for Congress. 

I am not a millionaire or career politician.

I am a real person with real ideas on how we can move forward together."
46,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
47,The 2nd Amendment does not protect your right to own an AR-15. Pass it on.
48,@BenjaminJS @ParkerMolloy Important clarification!
49,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
50,"On November 8, 2022, Floridians will defeat Ron DeSantis, retire Marco Rubio, and expand our majority in the House of Representatives."
51,"I had a great time dropping in, once again, to give an update to the East Hillsborough Democrats about the state of our race and what we are doing to flip Florida’s 15th blue! https://t.co/y91WlDbng5"
52,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
53,"Florida’s 15th district is now a toss-up. President Biden lost the new district by a tiny margin, which means the new FL-15 will be one of the most competitive races in the entire country! With your help, I will flip this seat in November."
54,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
55,"While Florida Republicans are focused on banning books, in Congress, I will focus my efforts on banning assault weapons."
56,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
57,"The Republican Party is willing to spend millions on my race to defeat me. 

Meanwhile, I am not taking a dime from big corporations. 

We are building a grassroots movement and we will flip Florida’s 15th blue."
58,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
59,"My GOP opponents went from supporting Ron DeSantis to running for Congress. 
 
I can assure you voters in Florida won’t forget this."
60,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
61,"I have several Republicans attempting to run against me, all of whom represent the far-right parts of the party. 

I won’t let them get to Congress. #FL15"
62,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
63,"Because of redistricting, Florida’s 15th district is a pure toss-up, and one of the best opportunities for us to flip a seat this year. 

Help me flip FL-15 from red to blue and expand our majority."
64,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
65,"If Republicans take back the House majority, they will try to eliminate all of the progress we’ve made over the past year. 

We cannot let them do so."
66,RT @electMikeHarvey: We are at a pivotal moment in the Campaign. Florida charges some of the highest entry fees in the Country. We have rai…
67,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
68,"We continue to see rising gun violence in our communities. 

The bipartisan Senate plan is a good start, but it cannot be the end. 

We must ban assault weapons in America."
69,"I'm now hearing word that the GOP is prepared to spend millions of dollars to beat me in November.
 
Congressional Republicans are scared because they know I will flip Florida's 15th.
 
Help amplify my message by getting me to 55,000 today!"
70,"Abortion is health care, the government has no place getting in between women and their doctors, and the leaked Supreme Court draft decision illustrates why it is so important to codify Roe v Wade into law."
71,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
72,"Florida has a housing affordability crisis.

Housing costs and rents are at an all time high and our leaders refuse to act.

It is time Congress acts."
73,"On this day, six years ago, 49 innocent lives were taken from us all too soon. Today we remember and honor the victims of the Pulse Nightclub shooting and commit to doing more stop the gun violence epidemic in our country. #PulseRemembranceDay https://t.co/Sh2JUuCFhE"
74,RT @January6thCmte: https://t.co/Po7qA3xecf
75,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
76,"While the Affordable Care Act has made improvements to the system, there is still much work to be done.
 
We must pass universal healthcare because healthcare is a human right."
77,RT @TBLightning: YOUR TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING ARE 2022 EASTERN CONFERENCE CHAMPIONS. ⚡️ https://t.co/ct0tb1fKXv
78,We’re going back to the Stanley Cup Finals!! #GoBolts
79,"Today, millions of Americans marched to end gun violence. Our leaders in Congress must act by passing the Protect our Kids Act immediately."
80,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
81,"Legalizing marijuana on the federal level is crucial. 

Not only will it serve our country’s criminal justice system, but it will also provide an economic boom to our residents."
82,"My name is Eddie Geller, I am a proud Democrat, a millennial, and I am running to flip Florida’s 15th district in one of the most competitive seats in the country."
83,RT @amandalitman: The Proud Boys and Oathkeepers you saw on TV last night are now running for school boards and city councils and election…
84,"Redistricting is shifting Florida's 15th district BLUER than ever, making it the best pickup opportunity for Democrats in the entire country. 

It is clearer than ever, if you help me flip this toss-up seat, Kevin McCarthy will NEVER be Speaker. https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
85,RT @electMikeHarvey: I will beat cancer and the GOP in the same fight. Girl dads know how to manage multiple impossible task. I’m not going…
86,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
87,"On November 8, 2022, I will flip Florida’s 15th, and we will defeat DeSantis and retire Rubio."
88,Housing and healthcare are human rights. Pass it on.
89,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
90,"We are seeing multiple mass shootings occur every single day.
 
Vote for candidates who support gun reform."
91,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
92,"Republicans don’t want you to know this, but Florida’s 15th district is shaping up to be one of the best pick-up opportunities in the entire country. 

When I flip this seat blue, we will be one step closer to keep our Democratic majority in Congress."
93,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
94,"We must impose an assault weapons ban to protect our children. 

We cannot wait for another tragedy to occur."
95,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
96,"I am proud to be running a grassroots campaign that does not take a single dollar from Big Pharma, Big Oil, or the gun lobby.
 
Instead, I am going to hold them accountable when I am in Congress."
97,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
98,"This time has to be different. We must ban assault weapons, pass universal background checks, and raise the age limit to purchase a firearm."
99,"My name is Eddie Geller, and I am running in one of the closest races in the entire country. With your help, I will flip Florida’s 15th district blue and expand our majority in the House: https://t.co/MQT1kkVoi4"
