Unnamed: 0,Text
0,It is unconscionable that those responsible for the integrity of the Fulton County redistricting public policy process would use outdated data and use hyper-partisanship to separate this Commissioner[Dist.6] from her community. It cannot be tolerated in the public policy process. https://t.co/IRvlH2w34W
1,"https://t.co/YYc5Rw6Nkc
We -- as people who understand the government process and Fulton County redistricting  -- we have to take this to the community. And when community speaks up, with the power of the Almighty standing behind them, then they can make the difference."
2,I took the time to complete @Ballotpedia's candidate survey to share my vision and goals. You'll be able to see the responses on my profile shortly.
3,I took the time to complete @ballotpedia's candidate survey to share my vision and goals.  You'll be able to see the responses on my profile shortly... Thank you Ballotpedia!
4,"I stand ready to lead Georgians in a movement – to ensure the communities and #smallbusiness leaders of Georgia get included in the public policy process – to the same degree as global interests, national political marketing stakeholders – and corporations."
5,It will take public policy leadership to have small businesses and #entrepreneurs be the cornerstone of Georgia's economy -- leadership with a nonpartisan approach.
6,https://t.co/6Zj9S1FTsw
7,(Video) Trump And The GE: Governor Al Bartell Believes Georgia Fumbled The Opioid Bag https://t.co/g2g33LSeIZ via @New York Shock Exchange
8,Public health has to be developed as a critical fabric of community culture and not just an after-thought by medical institutions.  We must have both a reliable public health response and economic health response to the pandemic.
9,"As Georgia moves forward in the dawn of the 21st century, one of the most critical issues of our times is small business development. Since the pandemic, the small business urgency is now on the front burner.  To whom much is given, much is required."
10,"Through a broad-based public engagement effort statewide, we will ensure that Georgia's urban, suburban, and rural communities get heard and get a seat at the table -- in the face of national and global forces wanting to control what happens in Georgia."
11,"On August 30, 2021,  I publicly accepted the challenge of statewide community stakeholders to run for Governor of Georgia in 2022 with a bi-partisan approach that bridges the divisive, “duel to the death” politics in our state – and in America."
