Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"He would prefer that we just let these new facilities move out of Michigan. For all his talk about caring about our local economy, these new investments represent a stark contrast between us. I look forward to making that difference clear to voters in mid-Michigan."
1,"If you care about people over ideology, it’s a no-brainer. I want to build the next generation of cars, &amp; I want Michigan to provide the best auto workers in the world to do it. My opponent’s repeated opposition to this pragmatic, bipartisan approach has real-world consequences."
2,"A bipartisan group in the MI Senate just voted to support Ford's $2 billion investment in MI. My opponent was 1 of 3 who voted to oppose. To me, it’s simple: we can build the next generation of cars, or we can watch our jobs &amp; economic futures be shipped down south or overseas."
3,"No matter where you stand politically, this is unacceptable. Violence &amp; threats of violence are not protected as part of free speech, &amp; destruction of property is a crime. This type of behavior is over the line &amp; we cannot allow it to be normalized in our politics. @TimWalberg https://t.co/autvE25yNH"
4,"If my mom was still alive, she’d be saying “live and let live.” She’d be fighting for people to have the personal &amp; legal freedom to live the lives they wish. This month, I’m taking a moment to celebrate, reflect on how far we’ve come, &amp; then get right back to work. For my mom."
5,"My mom passed away in 2011, four years before the Supreme Court would rule in favor of marriage equality. It makes me smile to think of how excited she would have been to see that day, &amp; how determined she’d still be to continue the work of advancing equality."
6,"Every time #PrideMonth comes around, I end up thinking about my mom. After my parents got divorced in the 1980s, my mom came out in suburban Detroit. It was by no means easy, especially in those years, &amp; it’s given me a deep appreciation for the progress we have made since then."
7,"This weekend, Team Slotkin hit the ground with 2 goals: meet as many folks as possible &amp; register people to vote! We headed out to packed Juneteenth celebrations in downtown Lansing &amp; REO Town + Yankee Doodle Days in Grand Ledge. 

Where else do you think we should be mobilizing? https://t.co/D4KIWU1l8y"
8,"Summer is officially here and so is parade season! While I was at the Juneteenth parade in Lansing, Team Slotkin was out in full force at the Yankee Doodle Days parade in Grand Ledge. https://t.co/D9YvDZ7kXZ"
9,"Another day on the road! We stopped for lunch in Milford and, like good Michiganders, we had to check out Americus Coney &amp; Grill. https://t.co/HZWHpc5nSn"
10,"A visit from my nieces means a professional photoshoot for Rocky! (Sorry to the owner of that hat, you may have a hard time getting it back) https://t.co/i243MBGgsO"
11,"As both a diehard @MSU_Basketball fan and a member of the Armed Services Committee, I am here for this! https://t.co/nsVuJPhKUC"
12,"Great to recognize the life of a friend &amp; member of The Geezers (their name, not mine!), a group of retirees from Clarkston &amp; some of my 1st supporters in Oakland Co. We celebrated at the amazing Clarkston Family Farm Garden with food, music &amp; great weather. Wally would approve. https://t.co/E55wjFiljx"
13,"Now all eyes turn to the Senate. As I told the crowd yesterday, I am ready to support any compromise — because moving the needle, even if it’s not all one side wants, is still better then the paralysis we have today."
14,"They can and should be allies in keeping our children safe, and we need their participation in this moment."
15,"The good news is that I’ve heard from more hunters, sportsmen, and other responsible gun owners in the last two weeks than I have in the last 4 years. They know that keeping guns out of the hands of people with mental illness is critical."
16,"As someone who grew up in a gun-owning family and carried a Glock and an M4 during my 3 tours in Iraq alongside the military, I can tell you that it’s a false choice to say you either believe in responsible gun ownership or believe in keeping our children safe."
17,"It was particularly meaningful to have some members of the Oxford community there, representing as the Oxford march attracted more than 500 people."
18,"Yesterday, I joined brave young people in Lansing, leading the way on the issue of gun violence. This comes 3 days after I voted for the Protect Our Kids Act, which included my Safe Guns, Safe Kids bill to require gun owners to secure their weapons if there’s a child in the home. https://t.co/aRFmlWwKQU"
19,A full day in Lansing means a team dinner at a Lansing staple. A big thanks to Coral Gables for hosting my team and I! https://t.co/djTVNTcimm
20,"Not long after our district lines were redrawn, I heard about a can’t-miss festival in Potterville dedicated to… chicken gizzards. I knew I had to check it out. Team Slotkin had a great time in the Gizzard Fest Parade (&amp; of course, trying some fried gizzard!) https://t.co/vGF4vGmgA2"
21,"Then on Sunday it was Tammy’s Bakery &amp; Cafe for coffee and pastries, and St. John's Brewing Co. for lunch. 

P.S. If you’re ever near Laingsburg and want to try some of the biggest donut holes ever, Tammy’s is the place! https://t.co/eNM6YbYblB"
22,"One of the best parts of being out on the campaign trail is all of the small businesses I get to visit along the way. On Saturday I stopped by Knotty Fun Yarn in Perry, and The Studio Shop, Fireworks Glass Studio, and had carry out dinner from Old Nation Brewery in Williamston. https://t.co/LpheFVbks8"
23,"It’s such a simple ask, and says so much about what people have come to expect from their representatives. This is the low bar I will continue to try and leap over as I run in the new 7th district. (5/5)"
24,"Lastly, I had a ton of new people thank me for being “normal and practical” (their words!). People are desperately looking for a representative who will work to find a consensus and who is focused on delivering actual results. (4/5)"
25,"I also heard a tremendous amount of concern about gun violence, including from ardent gun owners, hunters, and sportsmen. This reinforced the feeling that we must do something to try and push back on what is now the leading cause of death for children in America. (3/5)"
26,"Here’s what I heard: supply chain issues continue to impact Michigan and the entire country. Microchips, of course, but also stories of how hospitals are canceling surgeries because they can’t get their hands on $2 medical supplies. (2/5)"
27,"Yesterday was a full day of friend-raisers in Laingsburg, St. Johns, Dewitt, Mason, and Lansing! These events are a great way to meet new folks from the communities in the new district, and meet new friends in the counties I already represent. (1/5) https://t.co/tUWgp9rdib"
28,"If you claim to care about kids, you should care about doing something about their leading cause of death. (5/5)"
29,And maybe that’s why the refusal of my colleagues to just come to the table with an open heart to negotiate reasonable changes gets me so frustrated. (4/5)
30,I grew up with guns and carried a weapon on my three tours in Iraq alongside the military. Maybe that’s why I reject the false choice that you either care about the 2nd Amendment or you care about kids’ safety. (3/5)
31,"Today, survivors got together to talk about their experience and demand more from those who represent them. (2/5)"
32,"It’s been an extremely tough year with gun violence, from the rise in shootings in Lansing to the Oxford High School shooting 6 months ago. Gun violence is now the leading cause of death for children in the US. Think about that. (1/5) https://t.co/WivcE6IUgz"
33,Want to sign up for a volunteer shift? Head to https://t.co/CdqD41WDKy to learn more!
34,"We’re hitting the doors in the new parts of the district — Eaton, Clinton and Shiawassee counties — as well as the communities across the existing parts of the district — to ask *them* what they want out of their new representative."
35,"I won the town of Clarkston by 29 votes in 2020. The lesson? When you reach out to people and show up in even the smallest communities, people remember it. https://t.co/PLB30e4OH6"
36,"Door knocking season is officially here! We’ve got a lot of folks to meet in the new district and Team Slotkin is ready to go. 

Give us a wave if you see us out and about and go to https://t.co/CdqD41WDKy if you want to join! https://t.co/UiMhRLT0kN"
37,"This bill will serve as a shot across the bow for our system, and I will continue pushing Democratic Party leadership to bring it to the House Floor for a vote."
38,"The reality is that too many self-interested politicians, like my opponent, end up bowing to special interests, parroting their talking points and voting their way in exchange for campaign funding."
39,The corrupt influence of corporate money has real consequences for Michigan families – just look at our inability to take on the pharmaceutical industry and lower the cost of prescription drugs.
40,"Corporate money has flooded Michigan’s elections for too long, warping the political process and bending it to suit corporations’ narrow agendas – while drowning out the voices of everyday Michiganders. https://t.co/T8UShex2Yv"
41,"Our little Mackinac hosts nearly all of Michigan’s bipartisan elected officials, business leaders, union &amp; non-profit heads, journalists &amp; everyone in between to talk about priorities for the state. This year’s theme is civility &amp; the lessons to be learned from giants of sports."
42,"After the drive up to Mackinac, my team and I hit the whitefish before hitting the ferry to the Mackinac Policy Conference, in what must be one of the most unique events across the country. https://t.co/fWfBcWfRvc"
43,"I honor Stu today, along with all the others who have lost their lives in defense of our way of life."
44,"All of the things that we got to do this weekend — enjoy our families, go out for lunch, all of our favorite activities — are because someone preserved our ability to be free and live the life we want to live."
45,"Every year we recognize him. He had two little kids at home, and now his children are grown. I got to meet with his sister about a month ago, just off the floor of the House, as she lobbied for issues important to Gold Star families."
46,"But mostly today, I remember a close friend of mine, Major Stuart Wolfer. It was a Friday night on my third tour in Baghdad in 2008 when we had a religious service and went to the chow hall together. On Sunday of that weekend, he was killed by an Iranian rocket in the Green Zone."
47,"This day is particularly personal for me for a few reasons. First, because my husband is an Army veteran who served as an Apache helicopter pilot. We met in Baghdad — I was a CIA officer who served alongside our military on three tours in Iraq."
48,"It’s a great day to be out at the packed Brighton Memorial Day parade &amp; visiting folks at the park in Hartland. The crowds were enthusiastic, the weather was perfect &amp; — importantly — there were a ton of kids learning to appreciate veterans and the sacrifice so many made for us. https://t.co/RxNP4zy3zP"
49,"Great day to be out at the Brighton Memorial Day parade. From the looks of it, one of the best attended in years. https://t.co/AVcy7xbpWV"
50,"95% of gun owners do this as a matter of course, so the only reason to vote against it is pure politics. It has nothing to do with caring for our children. (6/6)"
51,This shouldn’t be a political issue: kids deserve to be safe in their schools and in their homes. I grew up with guns and keeping them out of the hands of kids is the bare minimum for being a responsible gun owner. Same when I carried a Glock and M4 in Baghdad. (5/6)
52,"Senator Rosemary Bayer introduced the state legislation, and I introduced the companion legislation at the federal level. We’re now in discussions about moving it to a vote in the House. (4/6)"
53,"They simply say that if you’re a gun owner, you have a responsibility to reasonably secure your weapon out of reach of children. And if a child does access and use your weapon in a crime, such as they did in Oxford, you can be held accountable. (3/6)"
54,It was even more painful knowing that the votes came literally 24 hours after young children and teachers were killed in Uvalde. But the kicker is that the senate bills were directly related to the school shooting in Oxford. (2/6)
55,"It was extremely disheartening to watch my opponent join with Republicans in a party-line vote in the Michigan Senate earlier this week to reject something as basic as safe gun storage. (1/6)

https://t.co/VKz7EFikI3"
56,Stipended summer fellows: https://t.co/sZTj4CdXFl
57,Salaried full-time organizers: https://t.co/HmnD3MfyOY
58,"Are you passionate about organizing your community? Do you want to work on one of the country’s most competitive Congressional races?

Team Slotkin is searching for summer fellows &amp; full-time organizers to help us build an operation that’s ready to win in November. Apply 👇🏼"
59,"I can think of no better time than #517Day to celebrate officially becoming a resident of Lansing. Looking forward to more Quality Dairy, Lugnuts games, and Horrocks runs in my future! https://t.co/1Gq5vSAjW1"
60,Chips are key to our economic security. Economic security means jobs with dignity. We need House and Senate leaders to prioritize the Bipartisan Innovation Act and get it done by August 1st.
61,Why were people yelling ‘CHIPS!’ at me today? Because this is what we desperately need to build vehicles in Michigan. @UAW workers were LOUD and CLEAR on this point. https://t.co/84E5XtW1i8
62,"It’s what she would have wanted me to do. That opportunity led to many others. So that one question, and a lot of hard work, led me to where I am today."
63,I asked if I could work for him. His response? “We leave for DC on Monday.” It was a tough thing to ask – my heart was racing the entire time – but I couldn’t ignore my mom’s voice in my head.
64,"I can remember very specific instances when this mattered: In 2005, I was working as the intelligence briefer to the ambassador in Iraq. I remember the day he told me he would soon be nominated to be the first Director of National Intelligence."
65,"My mom was lively, spirited, and ahead of her time in so many ways. She taught me to be independent, assertive, and to seek out opportunities to challenge myself, to push myself, and to grow."
66,It’s hard to imagine how upset she’d be — I know she is rolling in her grave thinking about the ways that we’re turning back the clock on women’s freedom to make choices about their lives.
67,I’ve been thinking about my mom a lot lately as we process the news of a draft Supreme Court opinion that would overturn Roe v. Wade.
68,"This #MothersDay, I want to share the most important lesson I learned from my mom: you don’t ask, you don’t get. 

That advice has carried me through my career, my personal life, and everything in between. https://t.co/obRsMqPCN1"
69,My poor mother is turning over in her grave. The House has already voted to codify Roe — let all Senators be on record on this one in an up or down vote. 2/2
70,"If tonight’s news is true, Michigan’s 1931 state law banning abortion would snap back into effect, making any abortion illegal in our state — even if the mom will die, or if she was raped by a family member. No exceptions. 1/2"
71,"Now more than ever, it’s important to show that some things, like our country’s future, rise above partisanship. I’m grateful to the McCain institute, Cindy &amp; the McCain family for showing that even when we have differences of opinion in policy, we’re all on the same team."
72,"I joined my colleagues Senator Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) and Senator Roy Blunt (R-Missouri), for a panel about national security and the major impact of technology — you can watch it here: https://t.co/lvc0V2PT4v"
73,"We can have a weekend of panels, events, and conversations, where we may sometimes disagree — but always remain grounded in the shared understanding that Republicans and Democrats both love our country and want a secure, prosperous America."
74,The Sedona Forum is dedicated to living out those ideals that Senator McCain left us with: the idea that Republicans and Democrats and leaders in foreign policy can come together.
75,"Senator McCain and I had differences of opinion at times. But he spoke his mind with everyone, no matter where they fell on the ideological spectrum. At the end of the day, he knew how important it was to have people from both parties focused what’s best for our country."
76,"Back In 2014, I testified on Capitol Hill and got the famed “McCain treatment”— a public reaming-out on camera from Senator John McCain that anyone who was anyone in DC at that time had at one point experienced."
77,"It was particularly special to me to be invited, not just to join the Forum, but to stay at the McCain family ranch. Some know my history with Senator McCain, &amp; I want to share more about why it means so much to participate in this weekend &amp; the importance of these gatherings."
78,"This weekend, I participated in the McCain Institute’s Sedona Forum — a bipartisan gathering of national and world leaders who get together for conversations about some of the most pressing issues facing our country on the global stage. https://t.co/jAxMZDEVU8"
79,"Meanwhile, our kids, including our LGBTQ kids, are watching and learning from this behavior. Real leaders focus on uniting people, even when we don’t always agree — not turning us against each other."
80,"In the spirit of basic decency, we should all agree to keep our kids out of nasty political tactics and fundraising. Let’s call these tactics what they are: cynical attempts to dial up hate and division in order to raise money. This is why people can’t stand politicians. https://t.co/JdCdXGGZCs"
81,Trust in our system is low &amp; big corporate donations make voters question if their elected representatives are really working for them. Greater transparency &amp; accountability in government is a start at rebuilding that trust.
82,"I’m working to kill corruption, or the perception of corruption, in Congress. I’ve signed on to 2 bills to prevent members &amp; their spouses from trading stocks while in office. It’s just common sense: members should not be able to use their access &amp; briefings to enrich themselves."
83,"When I first ran for office, I decided not to accept corporate PAC money – I never wanted my constituents to question why I vote a certain way. It’s a promise I’ve stuck to, despite considerable pressure to retract."
84,Thanks to our incredible grassroots supporters we were able to raise $1.3 million in the first three months of 2022. 89% of those contributions were $100 or less – and not a dime of it was corporate PAC money.
85,"It’s been a tough two years to say the least, but it’s also fueled so much of what I work on today. These are the events and the stories that have defined my time in Congress – thank you for being along for the journey with me. (12/12)"
86,"It’s all part of the broad goal of bringing manufacturing of certain critical items back to the United States to ensure we are producing at least some essential goods at home, and are not completely reliant on foreign powers, like China, for the products we need. (11/12)"
87,"I also recently co-sponsored the CHIPS Act, now part of the America COMPETES Act, which incentivizes American companies to build expensive microchip plants on U.S. soil to address the shortage of the microchips that power our cars. (10/12)"
88,"We got a bunch of items passed, pushing the Pentagon to get ahead of some pretty risky vulnerabilities. (9/12)"
89,"I created the bipartisan Defense Critical Supply Chain Taskforce with fellow Armed Services Cmte member, Rep. Gallagher (R-WI). We spent 4 months investigating military supply chains to identify any additional vulnerabilities the Pentagon had, just like the private sector. (8/12)"
90,"My Strategic National Stockpile legislation, passed twice by the House, will ensure we know what supplies are in our national stockpile and create a pilot program for American companies to produce PPE. (7/12)"
91,"So where are we 2 years later?
I’ve become obsessed with security in our supply chains – it’s defined much of my work in Congress. (6/12)"
92,"Panda Express, the chain of Chinese food take-out, told us that if we could prove that our hospitals were within 10 miles of one of their restaurants, they would get us masks. We started frantically scouring Google Maps and not too long after, the masks started flowing in. (5/12)"
93,"An Arizona company mailed a thousand masks that they could spare to my house. My husband and I split them up into Ziploc bags and mailed them to our district's nursing homes, sometimes just ten or twenty masks at a time. (4/12)"
94,"Here’s where the story took a truly interesting turn: Not only was that a good article highlighting work during an insane time – it let PPE vendors across the country know that we were looking. After its release, companies began reaching out from across the country. (3/12)"
95,"During those weeks my team and I were working through the night – literally. On more than one occasion, I found myself haggling with Chinese middlemen in rural China to get my hands on 78-cent masks. We sent out donation links and people across the country responded. (2/12)"
96,"Two years ago, phones in my office were ringing off the hook with frontline healthcare workers in need of PPE. My team &amp; I chased any lead we could find. It’s all documented in an article you can read here: (1/12)
https://t.co/LeFLBW2IIx"
97,"Michigan has always been a place that puts person over party. A place that values straightforward, pragmatic leadership. The voters of Michigan’s new 7th district are no different and I’m looking forward to the chance to earn their votes this election. https://t.co/S1GVGkr9JJ"
98,"Thank you to #TeamSlotkin’s hundreds of volunteers who gathered nearly 5,000 petition signatures in just 10 weeks. We win when neighbors talk to neighbors, and this is the kind of organizing that will deliver in November. https://t.co/oyEQIQwhUu"
99,We were able to collect signatures in each of the 7 counties in the new district – even from our tiny sliver of 200 folks in Genesee county! THANK YOU to everyone who spent your nights and weekends to help us get here. Onward to November!
