Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"We face a climate crisis that is as dire as it is preventable. Our country continues to see dangerous natural disasters, and our leaders refuse to act.
 
There is no future if we do not reverse the effects of climate change, and implement greener practices across industry."
1,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
2,"Our democracy is on the line in November, and our House majority runs through Florida’s 13th district. 

With your help, I will defeat Trump-endorsed Anna Paulina Luna."
3,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
4,"A person’s health is sacred, and no one should go bankrupt just to get high-quality healthcare.
 
In Congress, I will work to continue to fight for coverage for all."
5,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
6,"As a Senior Advisor in the Obama Administration, I learned first hand how the government operates. 
 
I look forward to taking this experience to Congress."
7,https://t.co/FZqbNjH6P0
8,One of my favorite events every year is the St. Pete Pride parade and it was wonderful to have it back! I was proud to march as Pinellas’ #FL13 Democratic Nominee who will fight everyday to protect our LGBTQ+ community in Congress! https://t.co/q3e8659ro3
9,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
10,"Anna Paulina Luna comes from the far-right faction of the GOP that supports Vladimir Putin and Russia. 
 
She is a threat to our national security and our troops."
11,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
12,"We have lived through more mass shootings than days this year. 
 
This is not normal. It cannot be normal. We must ban weapons of war in America."
13,"The people of Pinellas made it clear that we’re not going to let SCOTUS takeaway a woman’s freedom to choose without a fight. We’re going to keep this energy through November, and make those who oppose the American majority’s view pay at the ballot box!  #VoteforChoice https://t.co/KK0ErSchMc"
14,"Take action today, take action tomorrow, take action everyday, and especially on November 8th. March today with @wampinellas and let’s show everyone what happens when you defy the American people. https://t.co/IDbwtiPFHi"
15,"They’re not stopping here, they’re coming for everything. They want to roll back all the progress we’ve made, and attack every marginalized community until they get the world that works for them, not for everyone. We must fight back with an unprecedented response. https://t.co/ziJsjaienf"
16,"50 years of precedent, 50 years of freedom for Women’s reproductive health GONE. We cannot accept this, we must pass federal law codifying ROE. That’s why I’m running: to protect the views of the majority of Americans in our democracy!
 https://t.co/lyW9Z0ONEc"
17,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
18,"Insurrection and Trumpism have no place in the state of Florida or in our Congress. 

I will defeat Anna Paulina Luna and defeat Trumpism in November."
19,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
20,"The minimum wage in Florida is $10 per hour. 
 
The average price for a one bedroom apartment in Pinellas County is $1,800. 
 
Minimum wage employees cannot afford to live in our county. We must change this."
21,"SCOTUS continues their march against the majority of Americans. To protect our children, woman’s choice, and the right to vote we must pass federal laws and turnout to vote in ‘22 to show them what happens when you defy the majority of Americans. https://t.co/vfnGc9kboK"
22,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
23,"The January 6th Committee is doing the work that needs to be done to expose the truth. 
 
Anna Paulina Luna disagrees because her friends are the target of the Committee."
24,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
25,"Gas prices continue to rise, which means that oil companies continue to see increase in profits. 

Meanwhile, Americans continue to suffer. We must hold big oil accountable."
26,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
27,"Anna Paulina Luna is endorsed by Donald Trump, wants to ban abortions, and supports the NRA. 

I am endorsed by leaders like Charlie Crist, support codifying Roe, and want to ban weapons of war."
28,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
29,"As a parent, the prospect of my children feeling unsafe going to school is a reality We face every morning. 
 
We cannot allow mass shootings to continue to be commonplace in our country."
30,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
31,"The Supreme Court will be announcing opinions today. 
 
This means Roe v. Wade could be overturned very soon.
 
We must codify reproductive freedom before it is too late."
32,"Celebrated Juneteenth in style with Mayor @Kenwelch, Commissioner @ReneFlowers19 and so many members of our community to support the Woodson Museum of African-American history! Thank you Terri Lipsey Scott for organizing this wonderful event for a great cause! https://t.co/cvBk4KdLE6"
33,"Happy Father’s Day to my Dad, all the hardworking Dad’s, and incredibly grateful to be a father and raise three wonderful kids! https://t.co/xfR33lBjNO"
34,Good times celebrating Pride at the Village in Pinellas Park and Pride Family Day in St Pete! Kids had a blast and we all loved the pizza cones! Check out great events coming up the next few weekends. Nice to see so many supporters today! https://t.co/LgBu4teCDQ
35,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
36,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
37,"We continue to have a gas price and baby formula crisis in this country, yet almost every Republican voted against bills that would solve them.
 
When I am in Congress, I will never play these partisan games with people's lives."
38,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtupPSh"
39,"While my opponent prides herself on the support she receives from the gun lobby, I can assure you that when I am in Congress, I will protect our children more than weapons of war in schools."
40,"As the father of a 3yr old, I cannot  begin to explain how frustrated I am with @RonDeSantisFL playing political games with vaccines for our children. 

This will delay arrivals, &amp; infringe on parents rights to choose what’s best for their child. Shameful.
https://t.co/hMJsT2k8qV"
41,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
42,"Turning Point USA and Charlie Kirk support Anna Paulina Luna's bid for Congress.
 
They are the same people who helped finance busloads of individuals to the Capitol on January 6th.
 
We cannot let APL become MTG 2.0 in Congress."
43,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
44,"My opponent, Trump-endorsed Anna Paulina Luna, continues to support the Big Lie. I don't.

Your choice is simple."
45,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtupPSh"
46,"Soon, the January 6th Committee will continue laying out how Republicans conspired to overthrow our Democratic institutions.
 
We must keep working until the whole truth comes out and we hold those responsible accountable for their actions."
47,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
48,"Anna Paulina Luna proudly supports Lauren Boebert, Marjorie Taylor Greene, and other far right radical Republicans.
 
We cannot let her get to Congress because if she does, QAnon will get another supporter in Government."
49,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
50,"If you vote to decertify a free and fair election and/or continue to push the Big Lie, you do not deserve to serve in public office. 

Anna Paulina Luna cannot become a member of Congress."
51,"June 14, 1777, the Stars and Stripes were officially adopted as our great national flag. The flag that represents our commitment to freedoms, democracy, and all our American values that so many have fought and sacrificed for. Happy #FlagDay and god bless America! https://t.co/aqD7qVi4p3"
52,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHZ6p"
53,"While most Florida Republicans are focused on banning books in classrooms, I will focus on banning weapons of war and guns in classrooms when I get to Congress."
54,"If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
55,"My name is Eric Lynn, I am a former Senior Advisor in the Obama Administration, and I am running to keep Florida’s 13th district blue, one of the most competitive districts in the country. With your help, we will win in November."
56,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
57,"Millions of parents like myself should not have to fear sending our children to school because of school shootings.
 
It's why I am running for Congress. I will work to ban weapons of war, and keep our children safe."
58,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
59,"My opponent, Anna Paulina Luna, is proud to be endorsed by Donald Trump and Madison Cawthorn.
 
I’m proud to be endorsed by Charlie Crist, Leon Panetta, and others who embody the values of Democracy and public service."
60,"@MrMikeBlake @NYRangers @TBLightning @ktshane Awesome win by the Lightning over the Rangers! On to the Finals…I’m not celebrating like the ‘08 Iowa Caucus yet but if the Bolts three-peat I just might! Great series, Let’s Go Bolts!"
61,"Today, six years ago, 49 lives were taken from us during the Pulse Nightclub shooting. Today we remember and honor the victims and commit to working to stop gun violence in America. #PulseNightclub https://t.co/HZTzc9Ix06"
62,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
63,"While Florida Republicans are focused on banning abortions, I am focused on banning weapons of war being used in school shootings."
64,"No more silence, end gun violence! 

Sick and tired of the thoughts and prayers. It’s time for action, and policy change. Nothing else is enough. 

Thank you @MomsDemand and @wampinellas for organizing today’s March for Our lives! https://t.co/cKmLWQUR27"
65,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
66,"Rick Scott and Republicans want to eliminate social security.
 
I, along with my fellow Democrats, want to protect, expand and fund social security.
 
Vote accordingly on November 8th."
67,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
68,"Anna Paulina Luna likes to brag about her Trump fundraisers.
 
I like talking with voters about our shared Pinellas values, I will defeat Luna and Trumpism once and for all."
69,RT @wampinellas: Just wrapped up our interview with @BN9! Check us and @hsresist out tomorrow starting at 6am EST through the rest of the d…
70,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
71,"I am a proud pro-choice, pro-voting rights, and pro-gun control candidate running for Congress in Florida's 13th district because this is the bellwether seat this year.
 
With your help, I will win, and Kevin McCarthy will never be Speaker."
72,"As Jan 6 hearings begin, I joined @stpeteforchange &amp; community leaders to talk about the importance of uncovering the truth of that fateful day. 

It was a violent assault on our Capitol, our democracy, &amp; our country.

America needs the truth &amp; to hold Trump &amp; others accountable. https://t.co/6IYzbObkTK"
73,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
74,"On January 6, 2021, far-right GOP Members of Congress coordinated a blatant attack on our democracy to try to overturn a free and fair election.
 
My opponent supported those efforts. I will make sure Florida's 13th remains under Democratic control."
75,"Hey @VoteAPL, 

1. Always check for typos before hitting send.

2. I don’t take campaign advice from extremists who continue to push the Big Lie and undermine our democracy. https://t.co/Hvt7EPJIy4"
76,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
77,"As a parent, my wife and I should not have to be nervous to send our children to school.
 
We need gun reform, and we need it now!"
78,"As a father of three young kids, I worry everyday when they head to school whether they’ll face horrible attacks like this one. We are the only country in the world with this problem, we must take action to address it.

We need common sense gun reform NOW!
https://t.co/NZYdi2AWQX"
79,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
80,"Florida's 13th district is a seat we must hold, and the GOP have their eyes set on it. They’re already spending millions.
 
They’re going to nominate a pro-Trump, pro-insurrection candidate, but with your help, we will keep this district blue in November."
81,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
82,"We need to pass common sense gun reform, codify Roe v. Wade, and increase the federal minimum wage.
 
That's why I am running for Congress. #FL13"
83,"Great to support my friend Senator @darrylrouson for his re-election last night! Senator Rouson is a leader who always puts community first, and delivers. We’re lucky to have him representing Pinellas in Tallahassee. https://t.co/QckMlA5eRe"
84,"I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
85,"My name is Eric Lynn. I am the Democratic nominee for one of the most competitive races in America. I served as a Senior Advisor in the Obama Administration, and now I am running to defeat Trump-endorsed Anna Paulina Luna and keep FL13 blue. Help me by retweeting and following."
86,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
87,"As a Senior Advisor in the Obama Administration, I learned the meaning of good governance.
 
I look forward to taking this experience to Congress to get things done for everyday Americans."
88,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
89,"As a father, I’m sick and tired of the thoughts and prayers.
 
As a member of Congress, I will take action to curb the gun violence epidemic in America."
90,"My name is Eric Lynn, and I am running in one of the most hotly contested Congressional races in the entire country. If we want to keep our Democratic majority, we must keep Florida's 13th blue. Please help me win this race by chipping in today: https://t.co/LhdUtuHrgR"
91,"Rick Scott and other Congressional Republicans want to cut social security and raise taxes on the middle class.
 
The only way to combat this is by electing a Democratic majority in November. This effort starts in #FL13."
92,"78 years ago today, our brave troops stormed the beaches of Normandy to defeat fascism and Nazism. Their courage turned the tide of the war &amp; changed history forever for the better. May we never forget &amp; always be grateful to the brave soldiers who fought that day. #DDay https://t.co/erCuMjuDQU"
93,"Wonderful Gulfport Pride celebration yesterday! Great to help register voters, talk with so many supporters about our campaign, and hear what the people of Pinellas need from Washington. Thanks for the warm welcome! https://t.co/4w9zHLFfoo"
94,"Today is #GunViolenceAwareness day. As we reflect on the horrific shootings that have taken place in Uvalde, Buffalo, and others remember that this is a solvable problem. We must unite against the NRA to pass legislation the keeps our children and our communities safe. https://t.co/NfnsV6LZ1Y"
95,"If you want the truth, follow the money. @RonDeSantisFL vetoed budget items yesterday for:

- Veterans
- People with disabilities 
- Teachers
- LGBTQ+ community 

He’s discriminatory and authoritarian, and that’s why we’re going to make Florida blue again. https://t.co/Bk05Aw6VNg"
96,"#DeSantis gets his way, but that doesn’t mean he gets #FL13. I’m ready to keep this seat blue AND fight back against this blatant gerrymander that is in clear violation of the Florida constitution. https://t.co/DTcf5GMhVy"
97,"Hurricane season is here.  Be safe, make sure you’re stocked up for yourself, your family, and your pets! 

For other information such as where to find shelter, boil water notices, and more head to: https://t.co/n0SWsz03in

https://t.co/FQYfLSRZOg"
98,"Incredibly proud to have the endorsement of Congressman @CharlieCrist to succeed him in Congress!  We’re ready to keep this Pinellas seat blue, make Florida blue, and deliver results for our seniors, veterans, working families, and all Floridians. https://t.co/7P3k0g5ytb"
99,"It’s officially #PrideMonth! 

To my friends and all in the LGBTQ+ community please know that you are loved and you are cherished. In Congress, I will continue to stand with you and fight in the ongoing struggle against intolerance, discrimination, and injustice. https://t.co/oSEXx4VL6a"
