Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"@ThriceSavage I’m a cowboy, and I have my frustrations with how our season ended. But that call was garbage."
1,RT @benshapiro: So many people fundamentally misunderstand how courts and the Constitution work. Constitutional rights are not questions of…
2,"""The constitution does not confer a
right to abortion. Roe and Casey are
overruled and the authority to
regulate abortion is returned to the
people and their elected
representatives""

God bless America, justice has been done!"
3,"Humbled to speak to United for Oklahoma tribal leaders on our campaign and tribal sovereignty. Great seeing my former boss, J. Noma Gurich. Very proud of Chairman and my mother, for educating Oklahomans on the importance of tribal history and relations here in Oklahoma! https://t.co/asHsu3IrwA"
4,When the trade-in value of your car depends on whether the gas tank is full or not it is time for the Biden Admin. to admit they don’t know anything about the energy industry. But I do. Join me in the fight to restore energy independence in the USA. https://t.co/q3xfKxpwop
5,"RT @ThomasSowell: Inflation is in effect a hidden tax. The money that people have saved is robbed of part of its purchasing power, which is…"
6,"RT @scottlincicome: ""Thanks to incentives built into federally subsidized crop insurance programs, some farmers may soon find it more profi…"
7,There are no words in the english language that can express the extent of our condolences for such a heinous and evil act of violence. My family’s thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of those lost today in Uvalde.
8,RT @ThomasSowell: The most basic question is not what is best but who shall decide what is best.
9,Today marks the close of another successful spring turkey season with this bearded Rio hen in Oklahoma! Congrats to all the hunters this spring and thank you for exercising your 2nd Amendment right to further wildlife conservation efforts in green country! #NRA @NWTF_official https://t.co/OkhVTAoozD
10,https://t.co/9HpfzlSeyt
11,"Under the Biden administration everything is on the rise, including deaths from fentanyl coming across our southern border. We had 107k deaths last year, one death every 5 minutes! It’s time to take a stand and dedicate American resources to secure our southern border!"
12,"Always happy to hop on The Strategic Investors Show with my friend @ScottAAlbertson. This is just an excerpt from our last conversation, but I will be on again the Saturday morning at 9am on AM1170 the Blitz https://t.co/b4NLsyNETT via @YouTube"
13,After 30+ rulings in favor of McGirt #SCOTUS heard arguments in Castro-Huerta in the state’s attempt to obviate tribal sovereignty guaranteed to them by treaty and the US Constitution. This is a call for judicial activism— no different than the poorly decided Roe v. Wade.
