Unnamed: 0,Text
0,RT @MiaforSC: I’m ready to debate. I’ve BEEN ready to debate.  Are y’all ready?  #SCPol #MiaforSC #TeamMia https://t.co/08LfWGZuy5
1,"Any politician that post pic’s with assault weapons as props should not be elected for local, state or federal positions"
2,"Thanks Jen Psaki, we’re gonna miss you girls"
3,"Ted Cruz the DT mini-me, you’ll never be President of these US of America. DT we won’t have a do over civil war because you &amp; your entire family missed the first one. Republican Party after the Nov election you will be known only as the checks and balances party for a while."
4,"RT @MiaforSC: Yesterday, the bill that provides paid family &amp; medical leave for state employees was signed into law. South Carolina made a…"
5,"The Temple of Justice, sort of make you think of hypocrisy and illegitimacy here in America. When will We the people ever learn the importance of law and order for All?"
6,Right is Right and WRONG has never made and will never make anyone Right.
7,"1861-1865 Rebels vs archenemy Yankees: Rebs loss. 2016 Rebels become bedfellows with Yankees: Rebs loss and MAGA is born. MAGA vs Democracy, Patriotism and Unity: MAGA loss. The evidence for truth, equality and human rights live on"
8,"Republican wedge issues are the gifts that keep giving.  Yes it’s true, Democrats are smarter than Republicans"
9,Former Pres Trump has endorsed a record number of candidates for political office for the ‘22 midterm. What’s next? Will he endorse himself for President 2024? Does this mean Mr Trump has thrown in the trowel on the BIG LIE?  It is rumored he’s popular in the rural areas:
10,RT @TeamPelosi: Republicans plan to raise taxes on half the American people if they win. 80% of the new taxes that Rick Scott would push wo…
11,RT @TheDemocrats: President Biden wants the ultra-wealthy to pay their fair share in taxes. Republicans want to raise taxes on working Amer…
12,I really mean to sound cocky even at this point n the primary. Dem’s will maintain their Trifecta in November &amp; increase the majority n the House &amp; Senate. Republicans have finally accomplished their unintended goal of looking &amp; proving they’re out of touch w/political reality
13,There’s appxly 7.9B people on planet earth. Appxly 6B of those live in the continents of Asia and Africa. Pres Putin of Russia is now recklessly threatening to use nuclear weapons in a war he’ll never win. Are we missing something?  WAR!! should be a crime
14,"Derrick Bell an American Lawyer originated the concept of CRT in the 1960’s. His thesis, examine the effects of enslavement, the Jim Crowe era &amp; inequalities on AA’s. Today, some American parents reject CRT for its historic review and feel victimized by its tenets. Go Figure"
15,A BIG shout out to the people of France. No more Hitlers no more Putins and no more Trumps likes. Decent people should demand decent Leaders. With the world future in the hands good leadership we will one day make war a crime.
16,"So what happens when you get to Heaven and discover there are Gay Angels their?
Happy Earth Day;
Earthlings"
17,I was born n ‘57 my G-Father V born 1810. My two Dau’s born ‘85 &amp; ‘90 are the 1st generation n our bloodline not born n enslavement or the Jim Crowe era. AA’s or Black Protestant should never follow religious or political leaders that advocate against civil rights or liberties.
18,"RT @covie_93: Listen y'all I watch this and got chills!! 

They're 17 y.o."
19,"Ron DeSantis of FL reckless policy ideas maybe self destructive. Good luck Sir! Meanwhile, we Dem’s must take the South this mid-turn at any cost. The most diverse populace in our history in the south and throughout America is advantage Democratic Party. Lets turn the south BLUE"
20,"It’s time to squash the bogus 2020 BIG lie and save our democracy. Lets prepare now to elect in Nov 2022: Beto O’Rourke for Gov of Texas, Stacey Abrams for Gov of Georgia and Mia McMcLeod for Gov of South Carolina. Sign up today to get the job done"
21,RT @covie_93: I wonder which church trump went to for Easter Sunday services.
22,"RT @joncoopertweets: This — all day, every day. https://t.co/KzwX1y7uC4"
23,"RT @TheDemocrats: Under President Biden’s budget, the Biden-Harris administration is on track to cut the deficit by more than $1.3 trillion…"
24,Is the ole White Guy in Washington DC the only world leader w/hair on his chest? He said what he meant &amp; meant what he said. Let the pundits &amp; talking head dissect nine words of a powerful speech but it will have little impact. Thanks Mr President for a great job
25,"RT @ResisterSis20: 438 days ago, Trump loyalists, in and out of the US Government, tried to overthrow the United States. Their collective g…"
26,"RT @Anjene1976: While race and racism, sexism and homophobia continue to influence state legislation, classism is not spoken about nearly e…"
27,RT @joncoopertweets: Drop a ❤️ If you agree that President Biden has done a masterful job standing up to Putin and defending Ukraine in a w…
28,"RT @harrisonjaime: At over $10.2 million raised in January, the DNC has already had more donors in 2022 than it did at this point in 2020.…"
29,"RT @votevets: Trump said he could shoot someone in the middle of 5th Avenue and get away with it. Little did we know, what he’s been trying…"
30,"RT @harrisonjaime: Today marks 152 years since the ratification of the 15th Amendment, giving Black men the right to vote. While we’ve come…"
31,"RT @harrisonjaime: America seriously… while Democrats are fighting to reduce the price of prescription drugs, secure voting rights, give fa…"
32,"RT @BerniceKing: The Transatlantic Slave Trade and Jim Crow aren’t “Black History” but European, American and World History.

Our history i…"
33,"RT @TheDemocrats: 🚨 One year ago: 
Adults fully vaccinated: 1%
Schools open: 46%

🚨 Now: 
Adults fully vaccinated: 74%
Schools open: 95%

T…"
34,"RT @TLangley99: When you know.....
 you just stepped in it,
 ..... again!
#MitchPlease 🤦‍♂️🤦 https://t.co/4aeTlJ53PK"
35,"RT @joncoopertweets: Unlike Aaron Rodgers’ play calling, vaccines actually work."
36,"RT @harrisonjaime: Today marks one year since being appointed as chair of @TheDemocrats by President @JoeBiden. 

The leadership of the pre…"
37,"RT @ClevelandHosea: Going BIG the first year for a President is a wise idea, Biden has much to lay claim on. Only the naysayers want to poi…"
38,"RT @harrisonjaime: Jobs are up, unemployment is down, and President Biden’s economic recovery has shown our country what is possible in jus…"
39,RT @TravRobertson: .@henrymcmaster You gonna thank Biden for getting the federal funds to improve infrastructure?
40,"Going BIG the first year for a President is a wise idea, Biden has much to lay claim on. Only the naysayers want to point out his defeats. C19 will eventually prove advantage Biden and after all the wolf is hog-tied to J6 which makes the Biden and the Dem’s the eventual heroes"
41,Congrats and thanks for your Leadership during year one. Keep doing the Peoples will and everything will be alright
42,What’s the one thing that sticks out most different about Sen Tim Scott of SC from the other Senate &amp; House delegates from SC. You give up?……..Tim Scott has no history of the KKK in his bloodline.     duh
43,RT @NAACP: “True peace is not merely the absence of tension; it is the presence of justice.” - #MLK https://t.co/yAXVpnQbaq
44,"This winter weather is brutal, C19 remains relentless and the pain from inflation is not prejudice but Democrats fight on in the interest of all Americans. Join the fight and don’t yield to impatience, after all tomorrow is another day"
45,"RT @WhipClyburn: John Lewis believed ""each generation must do its part to create an even more fair, more just society.""
 
@HouseDemocrats j…"
46,"It’s said that the truth is stranger than friction but a lie is more deadlier than sin. Trump (R) Party is doom to fail &amp; fade away while America lives on. Now Dem’s must put energy into southern states &amp; win on the local, state &amp; federal levels, the final nail in the (R) coffin"
47,RT @ResisterSis20: President Biden took him down in the most degrading way. He lay his sins against America bare with unwavering clarity. F…
48,Tomorrow is the 1st anniversary of a MOB that went down to the US Capital Bldg and desecrated the symbol of 250 years of democracy and history. This MOB and its leadership will fade away and our Democracy will live on. God Bless America 🇺🇸
49,RT @ClevelandHosea: Who r the (R) Party? Maybe 1/3 r the GOP of Lincoln &amp; descendants of the revolutionary &amp; abolitionist generations: 1/3…
50,Who r the (R) Party? Maybe 1/3 r the GOP of Lincoln &amp; descendants of the revolutionary &amp; abolitionist generations: 1/3 r discontent undereducated whites who wasted a life long exercise of freedom. 1/3 r white immigrants fixated w/ideas of supremacy &amp; white power: In disarray? YES
51,1st time n 20 yrs that our nation is not at war; 22 yrs into the 21st Century &amp; Y2K is a distant memory; We witnessed a number of Holy Guardian Angels join the ranks of those n Heaven; A very Happy New Year to all &amp; may your works add to God's Glory &amp; the improvement of Humanity
52,"RT @ImpeachmentHour: Can't repeat this enough! 
Thank you so much Joe!!! https://t.co/APkP7YTgTC"
53,"RT @WhipClyburn: The American Society of Civil Engineers gave South Carolina a D+ grade on its 2021 infrastructure report card.

But thanks…"
54,"Republican disarray is coming. Donald Trump has faded. The talking heads misinformation campaigns are faltering. The people will demand Build Back Better. And with voting rights protected, democracy will win the day. Indeed, in 2022, the American people will be the winners!!"
55,RT @harrisonjaime: Need I say more? https://t.co/MI8bNIyUUb
56,"RT @scdp: Currently in SC
🌉1,702 bridges &amp;🛣️7,292+ miles of highway are in poor condition
⏰Commute times increased by 7.4% since 2011
💲Driv…"
57,"RT @joncoopertweets: Rob Reiner: ""If you don't convict a president for inciting a deadly insurrection to overthrow the US government, our C…"
58,RT @joncoopertweets: BIG: There were ZERO Covid-19 deaths yesterday in New York City — with a population of almost 9 MILLION and an adult v…
59,RT @donwinslow: https://t.co/SvB1XpbV7Z
60,RT @CherieAnne: https://t.co/KYQWEWlAWV
61,RT @ProjectLincoln: Trump promised. Biden delivered. https://t.co/rsqlpybANB
62,The Biden Administration preparing to pass BBB while still working to rid our country of the C19 pandemic. Even in the midst of this spirit of division Democrats push on during the business of we the People. Thanks Uncle Joe and keep fighting; The Soul of America is at stake 🇺🇸
63,Thanks Uncle Joe
64,"As soon as a vote is taken on infrastructure and BBB, let’s move fast and hard on prosecuting the insurrectionist from 01/06/21, resolve the pandemic and prepare to gain House and Senate seats in DC and every state. Thanks Mr President for your service"
65,Maybe we Democrats lost Virginia because Justin Fairfax wasn’t exactly a Douglas Wilder. Thanks Terry McAuliffe for a job well done
66,Congrats to the winners of yesterday campaign victories and thanks to all those who took part in our democratic process. Most of all may no one feel the need to destroy or damage any government property
67,MAGA is dead!!! America has been on the right track since Trump was defeated. The remaining number of die hard Trump Heads will eventually recognize a divided house can not stand and Gods grace will prevail for all Americans
68,RT @joncoopertweets: I’m very confident that the Senate will pass BOTH the infrastructure bill and the #BuildBackBetter bill. That will be…
69,"RT @KamalaHarris: President @JoeBiden’s plan to lead us out of the pandemic is working, but we cannot rest now. 

If you are not yet vaccin…"
70,"RT @JoeBiden: Folks, it’s been a month since I laid out my plan to accelerate the path out of this pandemic. We’ve made real progress, but…"
71,RT @KamalaHarris: Vaccine requirements work. It’s not about politics. It’s about keeping people safe https://t.co/DW5xs3HSeX
72,"1shot vs 2shots vs a booster shot doesn’t override the importance of getting the unvaccinated, vaccinated. Lets work together to end COVID-19."
73,"In early 2020 the CDC recommended face coverings, social distance &amp; later included vaccines as tools on the war against C-19. Despite a contradictory group we fight on to starve out this virus. Protect your liberties &amp; your health, join the fight against C-19. Life over politics"
74,"RT @J_D_Landis: Ignorance is a rare disease in that you contract it primarily from yourself.  
There's no cure but knowledge.
Which is free…"
75,Happy Labor Day:  Thanks to President Stephen Grover Cleveland (D) our 22nd and 24th Pres
76,RT @scdp: I never thought I’d see the day that a group of Republicans in SC would support sedition &amp; treason like this group of cowards doe…
77,Happy September 2021; lets continue working to repair Our broken information system as We restore the Soul of America
78,"Without a doubt the majority of SC believe our children should be in school. So why the division about taking every possible precaution to secure their health and safety? Show some Love for our students, teachers and faculty; Education over division for school year ‘21-‘22"
79,"RT @evansrc717: I work for the Department of Defense, can't share more, but it's truly been a very difficult day. We have a great POTUS and…"
80,RT @joncoopertweets: Retweet if you agree the media owes President Biden and the U.S. military an apology for their doomsday reporting on w…
81,"RT @KamalaHarris: We are working around the clock to evacuate Americans and Afghan allies—including translators, interpreters, Afghan women…"
82,"Remember when we wanted normalcy in our Country and we voted Trump out, won the US Senate and held the US House. The one thing better now is more normalcy, so promote vaccines and wearing masks. Pray for our President and his Administration and go ahead and Love thy neighbor ☮️"
83,"Oct 07 2001 may not be a “date which will live in infamy,” but 20yrs in Afghanistan will 4ever be a teachable history of how Empires shouldn’t mix military operations w/nation bldg. Thx to the Biden Admin this episode will soon end &amp; We can address the needs of the Afghan people"
84,"RT @WhiteHouse: Q: Who needs a booster shot?

A: The CDC recommends a booster shot for fully vaccinated adults, 8 months after their second…"
85,"On 10/7/01, US &amp; its allies begin removing the Taliban from power in order to deny al Qaeda a safe base n Afghanistan. Just short of 20 yrs later America decided to end our operation. A day of panic &amp; humanitarian concerns suddenly erased our 20yr history. Thx to all that served"
86,"The Spanish flu pandemic of 1918-1920 first observed in the US &amp; Europe. 500M killed worldwide &amp; 675000 Americans. There was no effective vaccine and citizens were ordered to wear masks, schools and businesses closed. Personal choice or constructional violations wasn’t a issue"
87,Thank you Mr President for a job well done.
88,34 of 100 US Senate seats are up for regular election in 2022. 20 seats held by R’s/14 held by D’s.  Two R seats in states Biden won in 2020 and D’s not defending any seats in states won by DT.  Good odds for the Dems in 2022. Voting Rights Matter
89,Just recently the Washington Post suggested that the demographic of White Americans is skinnier in the 2020 census at less than 60%.  This will cause drastic changes in 2022 politics at the least.
90,The CDC is continuously asked daily questions about C19 and all its deviations and the answer is always the same.  Get VAXXED or risk severe illness or death
91,RT @harrisonjaime: The right to vote is our most sacred right. And it's a right worth investing in and fighting for no matter what.
92,"RT @donwinslow: Six months ago today POLICE OFFICERS at the U.S. Capital lost fingers, eyes and their lives because this fucking serial ass…"
93,RT @HiltonCaston: @vickiringer SC legislature is nothing more than a beer gut club of misogyny. https://t.co/PJOzUZdxTB
94,"RT @SenSchumer: There is a gaping hole in Medicare that leaves out dental, vision, and hearing coverage.

This is a serious problem.

I’m w…"
95,"RT @POTUS: We cannot rest until the promise of equality is fulfilled — for every one of us, in every corner of this nation.
 
That is the m…"
96,"RT @TeamPelosi: “America is back,” because you voted."
97,"RT @RBReich: In the 1950s, corporate taxes accounted for 35 percent of all federal revenue. Now, they account for 7 percent.

Tell me again…"
98,"RT @TheDemocrats: .@POTUS isn't naming names, but we will. https://t.co/inQgdGWJMr"
99,"The vaccine is not a hoax, get vaccinated and be a part of building back better.
THIS IS AMERICA BABY!"
