Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"RT @profgalloway: 60% of women seeking abortions are already mothers
75% live below the poverty line 
@nytimes"
1,"🌍 I’ll support legistalation that mitigates biodiversity loss and protects wildlife

Happy Earth Day, Earthlings !"
2,"🌍 I’ll fight to end fossil fuel subsidies
🌍 I’ll support the transition to renewable energy 
🌍 I’ll support legislation that invests in the green economy and creates green jobs 
🌍 I support indigenous-centered conservation"
3,"Today, and everyday, we pledge our support to the environment. Here’s what you need to know about our environmental platform (🧵):"
4,"RT @AP_Africa: At least 1,900 children under 5 have died from malnutrition in Ethiopia’s Tigray region in the past year, says a study condu…"
5,"It’s time the Senate passed the MORE Act, removing cannabis from the list of Schedule 1 substances, eliminating related criminal penalties, and taking several other major steps toward criminal justice reform, social justice, and economic development"
6,@SorayaMcDonald @GovKathyHochul This is completely insane. We’ve lost our minds
7,"Decidedly disappointed in the Progressive Caucus for endorsing a proponent of Israeli apartheid instead of Nina Turner, a true social justice warrior. 74 years of Palestinian anguish, paid for by American tax payers at the behest of Congress #ProgressiveExceptPalestine"
8,"@PramilaJayapal Really disappointed that the Progressive Caucus, under your leadership, decided to endorse a proponent of Israeli apartheid instead of Nina Turner, a true social justice warrior. Does no one in Washington have a soul?"
9,"@Ha_Matar It’s time we divest from Israeli apartheid and aggression, and the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians"
10,"@YonahLieberman If the United States is to regain our moral standing in the world, we must divest from Israeli apartheid, aggression, and the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians"
11,"@bethavemiller It’s time to stop funding Israeli aggression, apartheid, and the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians"
12,"@Robert_Martin72 It’s time to stop funding Israeli apartheid, aggression and the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians"
13,@MarkRuffalo It’s time to stop funding Israeli apartheid
14,@SecBlinken Our commitment is to apartheid and it needs to stop
15,"The news cycle around Palestine these past weeks has been heart-breaking. Arbitrary shootings of unarmed civilians, an attack on worshippers at Friday prayer, and now Israeli warplanes bombing the open air prison that is Gaza. Our tax dollars fund ethnic cleansing and apartheid."
16,"On this beautiful day, at the intersection of Easter, Passover, and Ramadan, we wish everyone a Happy Holiday. https://t.co/I2rO9ZQGz0"
17,"@Taj_Ali1 What is happening in Palestine, like Ukraine, is fundamentally a story of occupier and occupied. The erasure of Israeli apartheid from these narratives has material consequence - it permits the continued ethnic cleansing of Palestinians - with the media acting as accomplice."
18,"@hzomlot What is happening in Palestine, like Ukraine, is fundamentally a story of occupier and occupied. The erasure of Israeli apartheid from these narratives has material consequence - it permits the continued ethnic cleansing of Palestinians - with the media acting as accomplice."
19,"@nytimes What is happening in Palestine, like Ukraine, is fundamentally a story of occupier and occupied. The erasure of Israeli apartheid from these narratives has material consequence - it permits the continued ethnic cleansing of Palestinians - with the media acting as accomplice."
20,"@m7mdkurd What is happening in Palestine, like Ukraine, is fundamentally a story of occupier and occupied. The erasure of Israeli apartheid from these narratives has material consequence - it permits the continued ethnic cleansing of Palestinians - with the media acting as accomplice."
21,The media has been reframing Israeli apartheid and aggression against innocent Palestinians as “clashes” - as they always do - and it’s a reminder of their complicity in the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians. Imagine if we spoke of Russia’s brutality against 🇺🇦 in such a way. https://t.co/PeHgjrECTc
22,"@chicagotribune What is happening in Palestine, like Ukraine, is fundamentally a story of occupier and occupied. The erasure of Israeli aggression from these narratives has material consequence - it permits the continued ethnic cleansing of Palestinians - with the media acting as accomplice"
23,@chicagotribune This headline is garbage. I think what you meant to say is that “Palestinian worshippers were attacked by Israeli forces while at Friday prayers during the holy month of Ramadan and over 150 Palestinians were wounded.” SMDH
24,We must recognize and affirm immigrants as members of our communities and answer their call to honor their humanity by providing all people with a pathway to citizenship.
25,"A single mother with two children earning the federal minimum wage would need to work 138 hours per week, essentially 24 hours a day for six days."
26,"The living wage in the United States in 2019 was $68,808 per year before taxes for a family of 4 (2 working adults and 2 children). To reach this combined annual income, each adult would have to work 75 per week, two full-time jobs each, in order to have a living wage"
27,"The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates that if the Raise the Minimum Wage Act were implemented, 900,000 Americans would be lifted out of poverty by 2025."
28,There is a stark difference between the federal minimum wage and a living wage.
29,@JordanUhl Let’s see what happens when we make community college and public universities free
30,"@Braxtonbrew96 Let’s cancel student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free"
31,"@mcbyrne Let’s cancel student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free"
32,"@RoKhanna Let’s cancel student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free as well"
33,"@mehdirhasan Let’s cancel student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free"
34,"@StrikeDebt @POTUS Let’s cancel student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free"
35,"@ninaturner @POTUS Let’s cancel student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free"
36,"@BernieSanders Let’s cancel student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free"
37,"Let’s start by cancelling student debt, and then let’s make community college and public universities free."
38,@shift_in2_turbo It’s time for universal healthcare !
39,@AlexPadilla4CA It’s time for universal healthcare !
40,@Stonekettle It’s time for universal healthcare for all !
41,@TrishForMO It’s time for universal healthcare !
42,@CWJediMaster It’s time for universal healthcare!
43,"@Vote4AnnMarie Hope to fight this fight with you, Anne Marie. #M4A"
44,@sdaction1 It’s time for universal healthcare !
45,@socialiststeve6 Let’s get to work and turn it around !
46,@realXanderXjork Absolutely. Working on it !
47,@joesegal Working on it !
48,@gaijingirl2004 It’s time for universal healthcare !
49,@votejgr @AnaMariaforNY @NYWFP @CPDAction @MaketheRoadAct @CuffhAction @nychange @tenantspacny @OurRevolution @CVHPower @NYPANetwork @LIProgress It’s time for universal healthcare for all !
50,"It’s time to address the growing chronic disease crisis in the United States, and it’s time to mitigate the economic crises American families are forced to endure as a result. We need to join other post-industrial Westernized nations in providing universal health care for all."
51,"@CarlNyberg312 @chasejohn @_johnbyrne Missed this one Carl, we were busy knocking on door #202"
52,@CarlNyberg312 @chasejohn @_johnbyrne It’s machine politics but this campaign is the alternative
53,Just a reminder that we’ll be collecting supplies at campaign headquarters this weekend to send to Ukraine. Please head over to Instagram @iymen4congress for more details and a list of provisions needed.
54,"We need a Marshall Plan for the United States. An economic recovery program that invests in infrastructure, education and a new green economy. Let us stand firmly against hunger, poverty, desperation and chaos at home."
55,What do you think?
56,Congratulations Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson!
57,@morningkhat You’ve got this. We’re rooting for you
58,"(6) Chicago residents, please help us spread the word so more people can help! You find the entire list of supplies requested by volunteers on the ground here https://t.co/SB9d5MK3pY"
59,(5) 16. Emergency blankets 17. Gloves 18. Saline eye drops 18. Peptide Bismol pills 19. Caffeine pills 20. Hydrocortisone cream 21. Miconazole 22. Loperamide / Imodium 23. Diphenhydramine / Benadryl 24. Trauma sheets 25. Coban roll 26. Z-fold gauze 27. Irrigation syringe (20cc)…
60,(4) 2. Knee pads 4. Elbow pads 5. Flashlights 6. Acetaminophen 7. Ibuprofen 8. Band-aids 9. Tweezers 10. White petroleum jelly / Vaseline in small container 11. Rolled gauze standard 12. Gauze pads 4x4 13. Butterfly bandages 14. Safety pins 15. Elastics wrap / Ace bandages…
61,"(3) Accompany the shipment to guarantee safe and swift delivery. Please review the below list and drop off any items to our campaign headquarters between 12-6 pm April 9-10. Here is a list of what we are collecting:
1. Work boots or military boots men’s size US 8-13…"
62,"(2) the Ukrainian Ministry of Health to provide urgently needed support. You can help. On April 9-10 we will be collecting items to be directly transported to Ukraine by our dear friend, Yulia Skubida, a local Ukrainian community organizer. Yulia’s team will personally…"
63,"Kyiv is a Chicago sister city. Our brothers and sisters across Ukraine are suffering. There is a humanitarian crisis and we have an opportunity to make a difference. My campaign has partnered with with local businesses, the local Ukrainian community, &amp; representatives from… 🧵"
64,@JoAnnLChateau Honored!
65,@JoAnnLChateau Thank you! It’s 100% people powered.
66,"Today the IPCC released a report dedicated to mitigation and solutions. The key takeaway: we must urgently transition from fossil fuels to clean energy (wind, solar). Everything we need in order to meet the 1.5C target by 2030 is at our disposal, we just need the political will"
67,"@ethanmwolf Go farther back. If Al Gore had been elected, we never would have invaded Iraq and we would be leading on climate. I wish I had a time machine."
68,Our Book Club recommendation for April is “The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestinians” by Israeli historian Ilan Pappé. Pappé demonstrates that the mass exodus of Palestinians in 1948 resulted from a planned ethnic cleansing and systematic expulsions of Palestinians by Zionist leaders. https://t.co/IUnPg0m9Hm
69,"@ElectGallardo I’m with you, Stephanie"
70,"Yesterday was Trans Day Of Visibility &amp; we want to uplift trans voices all year. In a world where trans/nb people are targeted for their existence, our campaign wants to hold space for trans people to exist freely. Our mission is to create a space for ALL our community members."
71,"Congratulations to Amazon workers at the Staten Island, New York, warehouse, that just voted to unionize. It’s a first for Amazon and a stunning win for a grassroots campaign led by former and current Amazon employees."
72,The House passed a bill that would cap the cost of the life-saving insulin at $35 per month -- a move that could significantly reduce and rein in out-of-pocket drug costs for millions of Americans with diabetes. Never forget that 193 Republicans voted against it #MedicareForAll
73,Wonderful time “Establishing Our Roots” with The Palestinian American Club at Bevedere Chateau this eve with friends and colleagues. @ShahadehAbou thank you for being here with us - all the way from Palestine! As always a pleasure to see fellow congressional candidate @huwaida4mi https://t.co/n32qUkocaM
74,We’ll be going live this evening on Instagram live with the formidable @RamiKashou tonight in commemoration of Land Day. Please join us at 6 pm CT / 7 pm EST https://t.co/MT16yQSUeW
75,I’m proud to have signed the #GNDChampions Pledge to show my community that I am ready to get to work to win a #GreenNewDeal. The climate crisis is here and we can’t wait any longer to fight for the solutions our communities need to survive. Learn more at https://t.co/ArBPfmirKJ
76,@questlove Congratulations
77,"@Lowkey0nline Thank you for standing your ground, it’s an example to everyone that it’s possible to stand up to the Israeli propaganda machine"
78,"World Food Program estimates that at least 5 million people in Yemen are on the brink of famine and a further 16 million are on the way toward starvation, as the country’s humanitarian crisis spirals out of control. Noting Will Smith Academy Awards so this makes it to your feed https://t.co/M7wCgIlerK"
79,“To know thyself is the beginning of wisdom.” - Socrates #AcademyAwards https://t.co/gNhG2X6O4y
80,"RT @UN_SPExperts: #Israel's 55-year occupation of #Palestine is apartheid, i.e. ""a political regime intentionally prioritizing fundamental…"
81,@DWUhlfelderLaw Nah. We don’t hold our leaders accountable and he knows it
82,@RepJayapal It’s time to cancel all student debt
83,"@Deggans The unwritten rule in the United States is that we never, ever hold powerful people in this country accountable. US is their playground and we are their toy soldiers to do with as they please"
84,"@JoyceWhiteVance The unwritten rule in the United States is that we never, ever hold powerful people in this country accountable. US is their playground and we are their toy soldiers to do with as they please"
85,@PBI_PS Can you share any details about where / when this happened as well as any information regarding what happened to the students involved? My office would like to make an inquiry and make sure there is a just resolution.
86,RT @sbmaneyphoto: Being the first often means you have to be the best — and the bravest. 📸 @sbmaneyphoto for @nytimes https://t.co/DSZiawln…
87,"@TheDailyShow Ketanji Brown Jackson’s senate nomination hearings were a masterclass in grace, poise, hope, patience, and perseverance. What an extraordinary human being."
88,@JoyceWhiteVance She’s a masterclass in grace and poise
89,@palyouthmvmt Wish I could be there with you guys !
90,"@AOC Ketanji Brown Jackson’s senate confirmation hearing is a masterclass is poise, grace, hope, and perseverance. What an extraordinary human being"
91,"@AkshayaSays @MichaelLynk5 Freedom, safety, and dignity for all ✊🏽"
92,"What we already knew but good to hear the establishment saying it out loud. Words matter and the tide is turning. Freedom, safety, and dignity for all  @UN @amnesty @hrw https://t.co/AMLKnUX1GG"
93,@VP 97% of Gaza’s water is undrinkable. Ever asked yourself why?
94,"We can acknowledge Zelensky’s bravery in defending Ukraine from Russian aggression AND acknowledge the hypocrisy in his support for Israel’s brutal occupation of Palestine. What should distinguish our movement is that we fight for the freedom, safety and dignity of ALL humans"
95,"@MiddleEastEye We can acknowledge Zelensky’s bravery in defending Ukraine from Russian aggression AND hold space for the hypocrisy in his support for Israel’s brutal occupation of Palestine. What should distinguish our movement is that we fight for the freedom, safety and dignity of ALL humans"
96,"@AntheaButler It does puts her grace, poise, and patience into strong relief. She is a masterclass in hope and perseverance."
97,@Suntimes Felicitations on your promotion @leilarahimi
98,"@mehdirhasan @MehdiHasanShow Ketanji Brown Jackson’s confirmation hearing was a masterclass in grace, poise, hope, patience, and perseverance. What an extraordinary human being."
99,"Ketanji Brown Jackson’s senate confirmation hearing is a masterclass in grace, patience, hope, and perseverance. Senator’s Graham, Cruz, and Hawley embarrassed themselves with their boisterous, ideological performance. They would almost seem silly if they weren’t so powerful."
