Unnamed: 0,Text
0,https://t.co/M2e5GWhzHb
1,https://t.co/BeK1MUhcJ3
2,"Trump has done amazing things for the American economy, and I will not support undercutting those achievements with “green” regulations that stifle the free market."
3,I am disappointed in House Republicans who have bought into the liberal Democrats’ lie that piled on subsidies and regulations will somehow be good for Americans and our climate.
4,RT @EmpowerTexans: .@JBerryhillTX11 is one of 10 congressional candidates seeking the Republican nomination in the #TX11 race. In an interv…
5,"Just in!!!

We are honored to announce the TEXAS RIGHT TO LIFE endorsement to the Jaime Berryhill's campaign!!!
God is so good!!!

#LIFEmatters
#ConceptionToNaturalDeath
#BeFreeBeGreat https://t.co/RYeG9E8nzp"
6,Proud to stand with other conservative leaders for Congressional term limits! https://t.co/czA9uwNpRb
7,"Donald Trump is a man of action. We have waited a long time for a president who does what he said he would do. Join me in standing with President Trump and praying for our country, as well as our troops and their families. #BeFreeBeGreat https://t.co/o4xRrmVCxK"
8,"These are the ridiculous, delusional antics being purported by those that have lost their way in D.C., overstayed their welcome and overgrown our government.

I’m asking you to join in sending me to D.C. to tackle this nonsense with Donald Trump.

#BEFREEBEGREAT"
9,"Well, last night in the #DemDebate Presidential hopeful, Joe Biden, said, “YES"" he would potentially displace thousands if not hundreds of thousands of blue collar energy sector workers. This huge negative impact being for the purpose of pursuing a clean energy agenda."
10,"Texas, listen up!!!

Do you remember just a few months ago when Beto said he was coming for our guns? Do you remember when “STOP THE DRILLING: A LIZARD ENDANGERED” and drilling was to halt to protect the lizards in West Texas?"
11,RT @SecretarySonny: .@realDonaldTrump delivered on his promise to replace NAFTA and #USMCA is a huge success for America’s farmers and ranc…
12,"Chip in $25 to send me to Congress to defend President Trump from impeachment-crazed Democrats! #BeFREEBeGREAT

https://t.co/qdsyUOdzBT"
13,"These are the freedoms that 1,300,000 men and women have given their lives for. 63,000,000 Americans voted for this man, and the Deep State wants to trash without due process. This is the Deep State of darkness screaming its miserable condition and working to steal our vote!"
14,"It is a direct attack on you and me and our values. Donald Trump is the one standing between us and the ultimate implosion of American values-the belief in freedom for all people to pursue life, liberty and happiness."
15,"Are your eyes open, are you listening??? There is nothing peachy about this impeachment!"
16,"Would you join me to restore our values and rights? #BeFreeBeGreat

https://t.co/1vTCYp33Q3"
17,"This disturbing lack of integrity in Congress is a primary reason that I am running for Congress. Our Constitution was written for people committed to high moral values and integrity, for a people that respected the rights of others and wanted good for their fellow man."
18,"These are due process issues and if the President of the United States is not warranted due process under the law, where does that place you and me as citizens under this existing Congressional charade and media propaganda blitz?"
19,"The supposed whistleblower witness has never even testified before the Congress that is bringing impeachment proceedings. Then, where is a second witness that would begin to establish legal grounds for legitimate proceedings?"
20,"Would someone please tell me where the integrity is in the impeachment proceedings?

Why are allegations against the President of the U.S. not being established by two or more witnesses?"
21,"Happy Thanksgiving! Here at the Berryhill household, we are reflecting on how thankful we are for our great state and country! https://t.co/Em6wzvDins"
22,"Americans want someone who will ACT on their behalf, and that is why President Trump is in the White House today. #DemocraticDebate"
23,"Democrats claim that President Trump puts partisan politics ahead of the country, but they are falling over themselves to impeach and discredit him for the sole purpose of climbing the political ladder."
24,"Without strong Republican leadership in Washington, we will LOSE our Constitutional liberties to the left’s socialist agenda. We have to #BeFree to #BeGreat! #DemocraticDebate"
25,"Tonight we heard Democrats talk about bringing Americans together. Meanwhile they continue to isolate Americans who believe that the right to life is sacred, that the right to own firearms is fundamental, and that we should be able to practice our faith without exception."
26,I had a terrific response speaking with voters in Granbury about preserving our Constitutional rights and values in Congress. They are on board and ready to send a true conservative leader to Washington in 2020! #BeFreeBeGreat https://t.co/QnjbirbP2l
27,"To those who have served to protect our country, we salute you. I can tell you that your dedication to our great nation is truly appreciated. https://t.co/IUmNQy8WEw"
28,https://t.co/paJSvv8FX8
