Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"@Cernovich Already have the United States of Asia here, with more and more young people forced into renting a home with no hope of ever owning one."
1,"@mattizzo @Cernovich 100% this

Then people ask, ""How come you have so much energy"""
2,"@Cernovich Covid is more of an opportunity for Xi to squeeze his rival Jiang Zimin's powerbase in Shanghai.

He wants to ensure ""all his ducks"" are in a row before their party congress towards the end of the year."
3,@datarade @Billbrowder Too many people in power enjoy having Putin as a boogeyman
4,"When America is weak

Someone else will fill the void"
5,RT @APompliano: The Ontario Superior Court of Justice asked self-custody wallet provider @nunchuk_io to disclose user information and freez…
6,@MarcLobliner Someone has to pay for these studies 🤣 https://t.co/UnshOmlTNw
7,"@adamscrabble Waiting for all the GOPer's ""Well I agree with my friend Jordan Peterson, the truckers need to go home and get back to work""."
8,"@Cernovich The ""First They Came for"" and ""Never Forget"" crowds don't mind as long as they are not targeted."
9,"@zhusu Most US cities are led by city councils &amp; mayors that are controlled by property developers.

This will lead to cities trying to artificially prop up offices because they fund re-election campaigns."
10,"@JackPosobiec The state always supports ""protests"" that support its power 💪"
11,RT @adamscrabble: @danavachon @jasonxsigmon @Cernovich @JackPosobiec Hmmm. First start here as I speak Mandarin fluently lived in China (no…
12,"@Cernovich @adamscrabble @JackPosobiec How History is taught in School

- Cultural Revolution -&gt; Mao trying to clean up China

- Spanish Civil War -&gt; Volunteer army trying to resist Franco

Result?

- Reply Bros: Why can't 100mil Rogan just apologize"
13,@RampCapitalLLC Putin wants to Ctrl+Z Khrushchev
14,"@Cernovich Based on co-workers, workout group, and CrossFit

Under 30s are not reading

They are improving their fantasy football team

Wondering when the next Star Wars series drops on Disney+

Working on getting their wife’s permission to buy another bottle of booze"
15,"@Cernovich Modi led the way with this in 2014 with his hologram rallies. 

Presumably, the US version will resemble a scene from WALL-E.

2016: Facebook gave us Trump
2024: Will Meta give us Desantis? 

https://t.co/D9SPtYgWwN"
16,"Highways are not racist.

America has an Urban Planning problem that favors cars over people.

Labeling highways ""racist"" only allows grifters to “study the problem” instead of forcing cities to become more liveable."
17,@Cernovich Great event. Thanks to you and the team for setting it up.
18,"Not a good look for the, ""but we can still win wars"" squad https://t.co/wVraTu0x5P"
19,"@Cernovich For many kids, they can't answer the basic question of ""Why grow up""?

Want to play superheroes into adulthood, here's a new Marvel movie.

Don't like a boss being ""mean"" to you. Have mom give them a call. 

We live in a world where no one grows up, they only grow old."
20,"10 months of work, for 48 Hours of fun at Goruck Selection. 

I appreciate any support and energy you can send my way :).

Follow along with most of the action on Goruck's FB/IG pages. 

If you enjoy the show, consider donating to the Navy Seal Foundation. https://t.co/8KcMAvhtll https://t.co/oRn31ys76N"
21,@SCMattyJ @f3_dallas @dustindeere @cspanf3 @f3_Oatmeal @TaylorMade_AT @BjSomerford we missed you. 😓
22,"Where do we go from here?
 
I predict Xi continues to talk tough because an invasion of Taiwan is a poison pill for China.
 
Although Russia could potentially get away with annexing more territory, China has more to lose than to gain by invading Taiwan."
23,"China operates as the world's largest Ponzi scheme. It needs to keep feeding its GDP growth else it collapses in on itself. If a foreign power were to disrupt China's rail lines, China would struggle to remain afloat."
24,"While being unable to create Beltway fantasy governments in the Middle East, the US Miltary is effective at country vs. country conflicts."
25,"South Korea and Japan will likely invade North Korea since China's attention will be focused on Taiwan. Although the Koreas drew to a stalemate in the Korean War, South Korea's military is now vastly superior to the Norths."
26,"Externally, he faces difficulties because China's global win condition is diplomacy.
 
If he does invade Taiwan, he'll face a couple of problems.
 
China's military has had a lackluster record invading other countries. Most recently, their invasion of Vietnam."
27,"China also has an upside-down population with single kids supporting parents and potentially four grandparents. If that kid dies, the family's source of stability disappears."
28,"Internally, he faces an aging population and a younger class of citizens supporting the ""lie down"" movement where they no longer want to work as hard as their parents."
29,"Xi Jinping wants to cement his legacy as China's great unifier and conquer. He has spent the last decade consolidating power by eliminating rivals and empowering the military.
 
If he's going to make a move, the time to do it is now."
30,"That paradigm has now shifted with the West dealing with lackluster leadership and Covid fallout.
 
Meanwhile, China has stolen, developed, and bought advanced weapons and technology that allow them to compete on the global stage."
31,"Since Taiwan established its own Republic, China has vowed to reclaim its ""renegade"" province.
 
For the PRC's entire existence, China has lacked the means to reclaim Taiwan.

Taiwan benefited from Western protection and China's lack of military prowess."
32,"This period has a very pre-Franz Ferdinand assassination vibe.
 
Old powers are waning, and new powers are on the rise and looking to stake their claim.
 
Here's how the world can go hot again. https://t.co/gPyoiHUKKi"
33,"You either lead

or 

Get dominated"
34,"Sad that ""America is back"" has resulted in such a tragedy.

Hold the DC 🤡s accountable"
35,"@MarcLobliner They have to watch out for that fatphobic / smokephobic label. 

It's a real career killer these days 🤷‍♂️"
36,"@ScottPresler Most people can't understand your work ethic.

Keep it up, but don't forget to rest every now and then. 💪"
37,"@TaylorMade_AT Glad to see people ""speaking truth to power"" 🤣"
38,"Dallas 🤡 show 

""Do you have any motivation other than doing what you believe was in the best interest of our citizens?"" asked Aldous.

""No motivation other than to save lives and tamp down illness,"" answered Jenkins.  

https://t.co/ZIaaQPFWHV"
39,@Cernovich The CEO is enjoying his ride on the taxpayer-funded gravy train.
40,@MarcLobliner They need a name change to American Mandate Union or American Fascist Union since they no longer defend civil liberties.
41,@JackPosobiec Maybe it's a cry for help that Biden and team are hungry from spending too much time following the Food Pyramid and not the WaWa one.
42,"The world opens up when you read

It doesn't matter what you read.

Fiction, non-fiction, magazines, or whatever you can get your hands on, just read.

- Retired English Teacher #GoldnWisdom"
43,"@davereaboi You know he just watches this on repeat, hoping to celebrate a new war soon. https://t.co/kkiMG4F0LV"
44,"@MarcLobliner At the very least, it's a great marketing idea for next April."
45,"@_BarringtonII We will start to see the China birthrate problem globally. 

How do you support a society when you have directly and indirectly discouraged people from having kids?"
46,"@AoverK They wanted to give NZ a run for its money for the title of ""Healthiest Health Dicatorship"""
47,"@MarcLobliner Could be an opportunity to expand into the ""Riot Fitness"" category. 

""If you are going to Riot, do it properly"" 🤣"
48,Good luck forcing people into a medical decision they don't want. That's turned out well historically. https://t.co/NIqgWNmYP7
49,@Cernovich They are too busy pouring one out for the Afghan War being over.
50,"@Cernovich We can't rescue you from Kabul

But

We have reduced the chance you'll get Covid if we find a way to pick you up"
51,"FDA approval only makes it easier for Vax mandates.

Enjoy those consequences."
52,"@ZubyMusic People enjoy having someone to be angry at vs. confronting their own insecurities.

The Gov and Media are happy to point them in the ""right"" direction."
53,"Once you legalize treating someone as ""the other"", where do you stop? https://t.co/QlSFCEjjRR"
54,@ScottPresler Sending some positive energy your way https://t.co/JPWdaRz7IX
55,"If you want to know how the Holocaust happened, it starts with the policies and treatment that is beginning to unfold against unvaccinated individuals."
56,"@Cernovich Proves RD is all Bark and no Bite.

Does enough to encourage R support while not pissing off the DC crowd too much.

If elected, he'll fill his admin with ""experts"" and those with (R) that go on CNN / MSNBC for clout."
57,"@supervet67 In the world we live in, Dems would have impeached Trump a 3rd time over it."
58,"The lack of Biden impeachment articles proves:

 The ""Country over Party"" folks are total 🤡

The GOP doesn't understand power dynamics, only how to whine."
59,@HotepJesus The Boys in the Palace
60,"If you treat your family poorly but expect them to care of you when you get older, don't be surprised when you end up in guardianship."
61,@MarcLobliner Spartacus
62,"@Cernovich These people are never going to give up Covid forever. 



They get to have a “look mom, I’m on tv” moment, every day."
63,@Cernovich The hardest battle we all face is the one with ourselves.
64,@ZubyMusic Looking forward to catching you in Dallas.
65,"Haiti Situation is very strange

- Haiti is one of 15 countries that recognizes Taiwan
- Haiti's leader killed by a hit team claiming to be from the DEA
- Two people now claim to be in charge of Haiti
- Assassins arrested in Taiwan's Embassy 🤔
https://t.co/LS3Gq8ecVB"
66,"@AESTHETICWISD0M And TV pretending to be ""journalists"""
67,@wildgooseALT That's why we are the cringe base 💪
68,@Thripp2020 Congrats man. Keep it up.
69,"@davereaboi Great article. I'm curious to see if there will be a Dr. Hawass for a new generation. 

For all issues arising from his ties to Mubarak, there was nothing like exploring a tomb with a real-life Indiana Jones."
70,"@Cernovich Hugh Hefner documentary on Prime.

Changed the way I viewed Playboy and its impact on America"
71,@_BarringtonII It's a massive step forward for Kwanzaa though.
72,"@AC4Congress2020 Well if they are raising money, seems like a business opportunity to have them pay you to write better tweets."
73,"@JackPosobiec If the People's News Network and Parvada Broadcasting says Biden is ""Leading the World"", and what's good for Wall Street is good for Main Street, it must be true.

Trust the experts 🦾"
74,"@_BarringtonII When the klan realized it was more effective to take off the hoods, and pretend to help black people."
75,"@HotepJesus Its a white, master's degree holding, liberal kind of holiday."
76,"Nothing good for America will come from this ""historic"" meeting, but please keep telling me how America is back as we enjoy runaway inflation."
77,"@ZubyMusic The top issue for the majority of Americans is ""I don't know / I don't care""; so, they got someone who aligns with that value."
78,@_BarringtonII Facts
79,"@Cernovich What's funny is the Communist Party and the majority of China don't care about these issues.

They do care about exerting dominance over people and letting them know who is control."
80,"This new education system is possible.

It only requires a city leader who wants to champion it.

@FrancisSuarez , you in?"
81,"Homework and Tests?

Don’t need them

In this new system, you are progressing based on completing tasks that correspond to your level."
82,"Elementary School represents the best chance to get a kid on track who may not have had access to quality pre-k.

You also enable more intelligent students to study more difficult concepts quicker and not feel bored in class."
83,"Now that I have painted a picture for you

Where do you start?

Elementary School"
84,"To improve responses to student questions, you could utilize Baliji’s 1729 project to reward people for improving the system.

Utilizing 1729 addresses one of the limitations of scaling Shoah’s system, which relies on in-house improvements"
85,"If a student is falling behind, the system will offer a different way of explaining the concept to see if it better resonates with the student."
86,"The system would then roll these various teaching styles at pilot schools to test for efficacy. 

These tests must be short feedback loops that identify when a student is falling behind."
87,"You would begin by gathering applications from prospective teachers and vetting them to determine an initial cohort of teachers you want to utilize.

You would then record these teachers teaching a set curriculum in their unique style."
88,"Now imagine if we used this same technology not only to preserve a record of humanity’s dark moments.

But

Utilize the best minds in any subject to teach it, regardless of where a student lives."
89,"Unfortunately, we are losing more and more of these stories with each passing year.

Their project aims to preserve this experience for future generations. It utilizes AI to create a persona that future generations can interact with to genuinely grasp the horrors of the Holocaust"
90,"For the past few years, the Shoah Foundation has recorded interactive interviews with Holocaust survivors.

If you have ever had the privilege of speaking with one of these individuals, you know the power of their story."
91,"Inspired by @Cernovich  wanting to deliver an Aristotle-level education to his daughters

And

@balajis  and @tferriss  conversation about the failures of investing in systems, not students 

Here’s how to bring the best minds to any classroom https://t.co/mT3nSyO136"
92,"Create products people will line up for

- Solve a problem
- Make them feel important

Don’t settle for only lining up for someone else’s creation https://t.co/GaU7JcjQoE"
93,"Our education system is broken 

We educate our kids for yesterday instead of preparing them for tomorrow"
94,"Imagine if the US elected builders not fundraisers

We would have drastically different outcomes from Healthcare to Education"
95,@Cernovich @BowTiedBull Biden proud to show his support for BLM by promoting Mugabe-nomics
96,"@JackPosobiec Fauci only forgot about his Wuhan funding; so, he can hold out for a People's Daily Headline touting him as a champion of the Chinese people."
97,"No one is serious about improving US Healthcare without banning Big Pharma TV Ads

We must change the conversation from ""ask your doctor about..."""
98,"@NewEmergingKing Keep after it King 💪

It's their loss"
99,@JackPosobiec https://t.co/H7NXgr3Doa
