Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Life won today! The Supreme Court's historic decision protects the unborn &amp; returns decision-making power to Kansans and their elected officials. I urge all Kansans to exercise this right on August 2 by voting YES on #ValueThemBoth to further protect the most vulnerable among us.
1,"Today, on #MemorialDay, we remember that freedom is not free. 

God bless our troops and our veterans."
2,"Since 1868, Americans have gathered each year to remember those who answered the call to serve. We gather together to express our gratitude &amp; to remind our children &amp; grandchildren that because of their sacrifices, we live in the strongest, freest &amp; greatest nation in the world. https://t.co/foH2z99PYZ"
3,"It is my priority to preserve this special way of life in Kansas and continue to be a leading advocate for the farmers, ranchers and producers who make up our Kansas agriculture industry."
4,"Farming and ranching is also one of the last professions in which sons and daughters work side by side with moms, dads and grandparents. Family farms are the way we pass on our values, our character, our integrity and our understanding of life from one generation to the next."
5,"With hunger around the world increasing, I’m grateful to have the support and trust of the Kansas Farm Bureau. Agriculture is central to Kansas’ economy and is important to every community in our state. https://t.co/M6F3EkyCrp"
6,"Yesterday, Americans paid the highest gas prices they've ever paid. Today, the Biden Admin announced they have canceled oil &amp; gas lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico &amp; Alaska. We desperately need an all-of-the-above domestic energy policy, but this move would do the opposite."
7,"The price of gas, groceries, rent and utilities has soared to record highs, and instead of addressing this crisis, President Biden continues to deny responsibility and place blame on everything but his own reckless policies.

 Kansas families deserve better."
8,Inflation remaining near a 40-year high is devastating to Kansans. https://t.co/a8b5yIbZPe
9,Over a million people were arrested at the border in the past six months. It is not a coincidence that this 20-year high happened at a time when the current administration has clearly placed securing the border and protecting Americans on the back burner.
10,I wish all those taking part in #Passover a meaningful and peaceful celebration.
11,"“For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” John 3:16 

Today, on Good Friday, we remember our Savior, Jesus Christ's sacrifice for our salvation."
12,The CDC has once again extended the mask mandate for public transportation. Americans and Kansans are ready to move past these outdated precautions. President Biden should focus his energy on issues like inflation and energy independence -- not perpetuating a forever pandemic.
13,"“We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal…” President Thomas Jefferson

On his birthday, join me in honoring one of America's most influential founding fathers and our third president."
14,Inflation just reached a new 40-year high. The Biden Administration's reckless tax-and-spend policies are failing and Kansans are paying the price. https://t.co/sPLG2bwsJy
15,I was honored to lead the effort to award the Six Triple Eight with the Congressional Gold Medal. These extraordinary women helped connect soldiers during WWII with their loved ones back home-like my parents. I’m grateful for their service to our country. https://t.co/hZ6oror69z
16,"America’s economic strategy should be simple: lower taxes, fewer regulations, and more freedom."
17,"5 years ago today America welcomed Neil Gorsuch to serve on #SCOTUS. I’m focused on confirming principled judges and justices to the federal bench who faithfully interpret the Constitution, rather than making law themselves."
18,Robba and I are wishing you a blessed Palm Sunday. https://t.co/iZ2Wz0kcD3
19,"We need transparency from the Biden Administration on America’s mission in Ukraine. We must ensure we are doing all we can to support Ukraine, because they can win this fight if we offer the proper resources.
https://t.co/QGT4Ftphfy"
20,"Our men and women in law enforcement are heroes, and they should be treated as such. I’ll always support their work to keep Kansans safe."
21,I am excited to see @SpiritAero and @WichitaState’s National Institute on Aviation Research partners to develop hypersonic weapons. This will help to bring more defense and space work to Kansas and benefit our entire state. https://t.co/Slq94WD5V3
22,"I joined my colleagues in the Senate to demand answers from the Biden Admin regarding America’s support of Ukraine. We must ensure Ukraine has all the support they need to not only survive, but win. https://t.co/ix6jWzaPa7"
23,Today we pause to honor all those who have lost a loved one while they were defending our nation. Military service is family service and today we recognize their sacrifice and their resilience. #GoldStarSpousesDay https://t.co/QhhYSCxbQx
24,We must fight to protect life at ALL stages. I’m proudly #ProLife and will always fight to protect  the rights of the unborn.
25,Kansas families’ worries grow worse with record-high inflation. We need to bring more conservatives to Washington to push back against the Biden Administration’s harmful policies.  https://t.co/MJmhQCNxcl
26,"Unless America embraces domestic production of all energy sources, gas prices will continue to rise and we will remain reliant on our adversaries for energy."
27,"On this #VietnamWarVeteransDay, please join me in recognizing the men and women who served our nation during the Vietnam War. Today and everyday we are overwhelmingly grateful for their service and sacrifice. https://t.co/5OIH3v1cU9"
28,A record amount of fentanyl is being apprehended during illegal border crossings. We must secure the border to prevent dangerous drugs from reaching our communities.
29,Please join me in praying for the people of Ukraine.
30,"Kansas farmers feed the world. Join me today in celebrating the farmers, ranchers, and producers who make up our Kansas agriculture industry. #NationalAgricultureDay https://t.co/yYFjcKwphq"
31,Kansas families are feeling the weight of rising inflation and prices as Democrats continue their reckless spending. We must get our fiscal house in order.
32,"As Kansans continue to confront skyrocketing gas prices, I joined Sen. Marshall &amp; my Senate colleagues to urge the Biden Admin to embrace the simple solutions that would both provide relief at the pump while also isolating &amp; holding Russia accountable. https://t.co/qthP6lmkgW"
33,Organizations like the @AmericanLegion play a critical role in supporting our veterans. Join me in wishing them a happy 103rd birthday. https://t.co/4jJNuRLsXU
34,"Democrats want to repeal the Hyde Amendment and use American tax dollars to fund abortions. 

I believe that is both wrong and immoral. I’ll always fight to prevent your tax dollars from going to pay for abortion."
35,I was honored to lead the effort to award the Six Triple Eight with the Congressional Gold Medal. These extraordinary women helped connect soldiers during WWII with their loved ones back home-like my parents. I’m grateful for their service to our country.https://t.co/NzXjTFVZby
36,"This week, I joined John Whitmer on @knssradio to discuss my call with President Zelenskyy, the need to maximize an all-of-the-above American energy plan, and how vital it is for Republicans to win back the House and the Senate. https://t.co/vdJ9ncuUJE"
37,"It's critical we get our country back on track &amp; promote commonsense solutions to regain our energy independence, protect our borders, support our law enforcement, &amp; rein in government spending.
 
To help us retake the Senate majority, join our team here: https://t.co/PPFZJi1aXl"
38,"We are one year into Biden's presidency, and it is clear our country is heading in the wrong direction.
 
Under Democrats' watch, we have:
❌ Record high inflation
❌ Open borders
❌ Rising crime
❌ Greater reliance on foreign oil
❌ Reckless spending"
39,"Kansas first.
Kansas always."
40,"Putin alone is responsible for this avoidable tragedy. Please join Robba and me in praying for the people of Ukraine, and all of our own troops overseas."
41,We should never defund the police. I am committed to providing our law enforcement officials the tools and resources they need to keep our communities and themselves safe. #BackTheBlue
42,"Since last spring, I have been calling on Schumer and Pelosi to reopen the U.S. Capitol to the public. This building belongs to the American people, and they should not be barred from entering it https://t.co/hHPCjVBfBE"
43,"This week is the annual #FFAWeek. @NationalFFA &amp; @KansasFFA play important roles in preparing the next generation of young farmers to become tomorrow's leaders in agriculture. 

Join me in celebrating them this week! https://t.co/S4OP2be7qC"
44,"“I hope I shall possess firmness and virtue enough to maintain what I consider the most enviable of all titles, the character of an honest man.” George Washington

Today we remember one of our nation’s finest, President George Washington. https://t.co/qWZGOhoV7R"
45,"Today we recognize all of our nation’s presidents, but I am specifically reflecting on the life &amp; legacy of Kansas’ favorite son: President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Ike represents the very best of Kansas."
46,Today we recognize the many American presidents who have contributed to our country’s success. Happy Presidents’ Day! https://t.co/Stk3a7gX8u
47,I'm very pleased to announce Avery Anderson as our deputy campaign manager. Avery was born and raised in Newton and understands the meaning of hard work and the importance of serving others in his community. https://t.co/hdI3ALLhp9
48,"I have a hard time believing the framers of the Kansas constitution had unrestricted abortion in mind when we became a state in 1861. 

We have the opportunity to reverse the Kansas Supreme Court's judicial activism &amp; uphold the will of Kansans with the #ValueThemBoth amendment. https://t.co/tD4DkxgRq5"
49,I was honored to join @kansansforlife at their annual banquet in Overland Park last night. The pro-life movement is strong in our state and we have the opportunity to defend the unborn with the #ValueThemBoth amendment this year. https://t.co/kcdFBXkMna
50,Inflation is a tax on each and every American. Democrats’ reckless spending will only make inflation worse.
51,6 years ago our country suffered a deep loss with the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia. He was one of the greatest defenders of the Constitution &amp; our conservative ideals. His legacy will continue to live on &amp; shape America for years to come. https://t.co/8CKpgTTZ16
52,"“You, dear children, are from God and have overcome them, because the one who is in you is greater than the one who is in the world.” - 1 John 4:4"
53,"“I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.”

Abraham Lincoln was a great American &amp; our first Republican president. Today on his birthday we remember his inspiring leadership."
54,Democrats’ reckless spending will only hurt America’s future generations. We need to get serious about debt and deficits.
55,The right to life is under constant attack from Democrats in Congress. I’m proud to stand in their way and on the side of the unborn. #ProLife
56,"Our national debt has topped $30 trillion. This is not a partisan issue, but an American issue. We must consider the future of our country and confront this problem head on by stopping the Democrats reckless spending: https://t.co/TCUYuBYkkr"
57,Big Tech has abused the public’s trust and should no longer be given the benefit of the doubt to do the right thing with your private information. I’m working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to hold Big Tech accountable.
58,".@USDA has the resources that could aid in the fight to end world hunger. I joined my colleagues in writing a letter urging them to release the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust, which would help combat food insecurity and save lives. https://t.co/mjtjL64ypw"
59,"“Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up.” - Galatians 6:9"
60,Kansas farmers help feed America and the world. The federal government shouldn’t get in their way through excessive red tape.
61,"These federal grants help improve the quality of life for Kansans living in small towns, from repairing building structures and appliances to supporting necessary road upgrades. https://t.co/Ov9dnawR4J"
62,Our Constitution is worth defending and protecting. We can’t allow bad actors to undermine our founding document via unconstitutional actions.
63,"In order to ensure our small towns survive and flourish, the unique health care needs of rural Americans must be addressed. I’m working to increase access to quality healthcare for ALL Kansans."
64,President Biden must do the right thing and declare a major disaster after the severe storms that hit Kansas in December. Our state and local governments need federal support in order to have the resources necessary to respond. https://t.co/EGLWxL5CZW
65,I am committed to putting policies in place that foster a pro-growth environment where businesses can succeed without government interference.
66,Our law enforcement officers selflessly put their lives on the line for us every day. I am proud to #BackTheBlue.
67,Education is fundamental to our children’s success. Let’s invest in them so they can be equipped with the skills they need to thrive in college and the workplace.
68,"“For I know the plans I have for you,’ declares the Lord, ‘plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.” - Jeremiah 29:11"
69,Washington would do better following Kansas’s lead – not the other way around.
70,A federal government takeover of our elections would undermine local authority and create a less responsive and less accountable system. I'll continue to fight the Democrats' attempts to federalize our elections. https://t.co/s8bqtaE9lZ
71,The men and women of our military have selflessly sacrificed and served our country. I’ll continue to work to provide them greater access to quality care and resources to reenter the workforce.
72,I was very impressed by the Amelia Earhart Hanger Museum in Atchison and I’m excited for Kansans to be able to visit soon and see the new exhibits. https://t.co/DOez4vquvl
73,"“For the dead and the living, we must bear witness.” - Elie Wiesel, Auschwitz survivor

Today, #WeRemember the lives stolen during the Holocaust &amp; recommit to fighting anti-Semitism and hatred so that those evils are not suffered again. https://t.co/KcZOvLCu6N"
74,Pleased to join my colleagues in calling on the Biden Administration to stand up for farmers against India's unfair trade practices → https://t.co/H8yrbADj2m
75,"China is increasingly aggressive towards the United States and our allies. We must stand up to them forcefully, not back down like Biden consistently does."
76,The Senate incentivizes both parties to find compromise and work together. Unfortunately Democratic Leader Schumer seems uninterested in seeking compromise with Republicans to help the American people.
77,"While Americans are being crushed by runaway inflation, Democrats are busy trying to break the Senate so they can federalize our elections. Their priorities are out of step with Americans’ priorities."
78,“Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you.” - 1 Peter 5:7
79,"The Biden Admin's disregard for the rule of the law is both shocking and disappointing. This puts American citizens at risk and must be stopped immediately.
https://t.co/ih7eEJ9Ike"
80,I firmly believe that every single life is precious and must be protected. Today and every day I am committed to standing up for our most vulnerable. #SanctityOfLifeDay https://t.co/9baSjoZZ1A
81,"Thousands of Kansans and Americans join together today at the @March_for_Life in an effort to stand up for the unborn. As we see this inspiring human rights demonstration, we are reminded that Roe v. Wade must be overturned once and for all."
82,We have to reclaim the House &amp; Senate with Republican majorities to get our country back on track. https://t.co/4penrTbyR7
83,"Joe Biden’s first year as president has been plagued by his failure to keep his promises to the American people and as a result we have... 
❌ Historic inflation
❌ Botched Afghanistan withdrawal
❌ COVID resurgence &amp; testing shortage 
❌ Disaster at our southern border"
84,"“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.”

Dr. King’s words continue to provide us with wise guidance. #MLKDay https://t.co/TGdLgKdNSP"
85,Washington could use a good dose of common-sense from the heartland of America. That’s why I’m running to continue to represent you in the Senate.
86,"People come to Fort Riley because of the Army, but they stay because of the community. I will continue to make certain Fort Riley has the infrastructure to attract new Army programs and remain the best military community to live, work and raise a family.  https://t.co/eiULv61HrB"
87,"This memorial will honor all those who served and gave the ultimate sacrifice in our nation’s longest conflict.

 https://t.co/Ffq6wOjCK3"
88,Our men and women in uniform received a much-deserved pay raise in this year’s national defense bill. I was also pleased to sponsor the creation of a new monument in our nation’s capital – the Global War on Terror Memorial.
89,"Inflation raises costs on everyday goods like gas and groceries. It’s a tax, plain and simple. And Democrats’ spending is only making it worse."
90,Every student in Kansas must have access to a quality education in order for our state to truly thrive.
91,"The filibuster protects the minority - whether Democrat or Republican, rural or urban. Without it, the freedoms and liberties granted to all Americans will disappear.  https://t.co/XDIxYD0g0l"
92,The purpose of the filibuster is to encourage Senators representing a large and diverse country to work with each other.
93,China continues to rapidly advance their space programs &amp; increase their presence in space. The United States must keep pace &amp; prioritize space exploration &amp; space defense capabilities to maintain our leadership in the space domain &amp; protect our homeland. https://t.co/VZwiVf3bYo
94,Our economy continues to falter as inflation runs rampant in America. We must say no to Democrats’ reckless spending plans and instead promote an economy where businesses and workers can thrive. https://t.co/GlnyjTGXwR
95,"A good immigration system keeps terrorists and criminals out and welcomes in law-abiding individuals. 

But we need to secure the border first."
96,Biden’s federal takeover of elections would completely remove critical election safeguards in Kansas and across the country. States and counties know best how to run elections securely in their communities – not bureaucrats in Washington.
97,"Breaking the rules of the Senate to federalize every election is not “voting rights” – that’s a power grab, plain and simple."
98,"One of my top priorities in Congress is working to make certain Kansans have access to quality, affordable, and patient-centered healthcare."
99,"Anytime our country is struggling, Democrats' only solution is to throw your tax dollars at the problem and hope it goes away.

 It hasn’t worked before, and it won’t work now."
