Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"For years, those of us in the pro-life movement have prayed to see the end of Roe in our lifetime. Today our prayers were answered! The Supreme Court's decision is a triumph of good over evil. Countless lives will be saved! https://t.co/mSclr4WkqY"
1,"Strong fathers help forge this country's next generation of leaders.

It's a difficult job but there is no greater calling in life. 

Happy Father's Day.

#OlsonForSenate #FathersDay #Family #America https://t.co/OmdYM4ZJDd"
2,Joe Biden has demonstrated utter contempt for the US Constitution.
3,"I was born and raised in Arizona where my family history goes back several generations. In the U.S. Senate, I will fight for Arizona's conservative values!"
4,"The 1994-2004 ban on several semi-automatic rifles did nothing to reduce mass shootings or violence. 

Biden's demand to return to that policy would solve nothing."
5,"Today, we celebrate the Second Continental Congress’s adoption of the first U.S. national flag on June 14, 1777.

I proudly salute the Red, White, and Blue.

And the patriotic American ideals those colors represent.

#OlsonForSenate #FlagDay #America #USA https://t.co/8JkOyg78Ql"
6,"In 1985, Senator Joe Biden admitted that criminals will obtain firearms ""with or without gun control.""

I agree with that, Joe Biden."
7,"Record high inflation. Record high gas prices. 

Our president has hit a record low."
8,A good solution to inflation would be for the Biden Administration to do the exact opposite of everything they've been doing for the last 2 years.
9,The Constitution of the United States of America is absolute.
10,"Our border is porous and leaking. The chaos has empowered the drug cartels.  
 
Mark Kelly has done nothing to put a stop to this dangerous disregard for the rule of law. 
 
We must secure our border."
11,"On June 6, 1944, the combined might of land, air, &amp; sea forces of the allied armies descended upon Normandy as the largest invasion force in human history. 

Their courage assured the continued survival of the Free World.

Today, we honor their bravery.

#OlsonForSenate #DDay https://t.co/x6EEVsGtk9"
12,"The government seeks entry into the crypto market to manipulate it and regulate it.

This is antithetical to all free-market principles."
13,"The radical Left has declared war on organized religion.

Keep the faith. 

Keep YOUR faith."
14,"I have a 100% pro-life voting record. I sponsored successful legislation in Arizona to defund Planned Parenthood. 

With my proven conservative record, Arizona voters can be certain that I will champion their values including the right to life."
15,"Our country was founded on the understanding that life is an inalienable right and that governments exist to protect and preserve these natural rights. 

I will never waiver from this conviction."
16,"RT @_JustinOlson: I support a federal abortion ban. 

When I get to the U.S. Senate, I will introduce a Heartbeat Bill. 

I will be a prote…"
17,"I support a federal abortion ban. 

When I get to the U.S. Senate, I will introduce a Heartbeat Bill. 

I will be a protector of all innocent life."
18,"JP Morgan predicts the price of gas will hit $6 per gallon by summer.

The Biden Green Agenda is bankrupting this country."
19,"Only in Washington, D.C., can Jerome Powell steer the US economy towards a recession and get to keep his job."
20,"American families care about immigration and inflation.

Last week, the Biden administration was talking about UFOs."
21,"Today we pay tribute to the brave men and women who have sacrificed their lives for the preservation of this country.

The American people remain forever in your debt.

#OlsonForSenate #America #Sacrifice #MemorialDay https://t.co/CQRmI22Emh"
22,"The unconstitutional departments of the federal government must be eliminated. 

We must get back to the limited role of the federal government authorized under the enumerated powers of the Constitution.

We must push the balance of power back towards the states and the people."
23,"The crisis in Ukraine is a testament to Biden's weakness.

Putin would never have made such a move with Trump in the White House."
24,"We must protect life. 

As we now pray to see an end of Roe in just a few weeks, let's prepare to defend life in each of our state legislatures!

https://t.co/YpEAIBvz5h"
25,"America is the greatest country in the history of the world.  
 
The cherished freedoms we inherited must be fought for and protected or they will be lost.  
 
I'm running for the U.S. Senate to defend the constitutional freedoms that made our country great."
26,"Mark Kelly was elected to serve Arizona &amp; America. 

Instead, he continues his misguided pursuit of gun confiscation.

In just a few months, he can return to his lobbying career full-time.

Join our movement to DISARM the disarmers:

https://t.co/mkKipBwkzR"
27,We need LESS government and MORE freedom!
28,"Young parents are struggling to find baby formula. The prices of food, fuel and housing are skyrocketing. 

The damage the Biden economy has inflicted on hard working American families must be stopped."
29,"The Trump Tax cuts worked for all Americans.

But Joe Biden wants to take them away.

That's because Joe Biden isn't working for all Americans."
30,"Our allies have stopped taking Joe Biden's calls.

America has lost its standing on the world stage in just two years."
31,The current political climate is a far greater threat to our future than the environmental one.
32,We must teach the rising generation to cherish our constitutional freedoms. Our Founding Fathers understood that liberty depends on a right to speak out in opposition to those in power.
33,"America should be a leading energy exporter in every aspect.

But that is simply IMPOSSIBLE under Biden's WEAK leadership."
34,"I'm sure some first-term Senators have been worse than Mark Kelly. 

But I can't name any off the top of my head."
35,I would rather defund the government than see our taxpayer money spent on a Ministry of Truth.
36,Mark Kelly's abortion views are far too radical for Arizona. Period.
37,"Mark Kelly has destroyed his political career in the service of Chuck Schumer. 

I'd thank him for it if he weren't doing tremendous damage to Arizona in the process."
38,"@AliMayorkas is lying when he says our border is under control.

I'm not lying when I say we're going to impeach him."
39,"U.S. economic growth declined by 1.4% last quarter.
 
After inflating away our earnings &amp; savings, Biden's failed policies are now contacting the economy.
 
We must get back to sound economic, energy &amp; monetary policy and unleash the powerful forces of the American marketplace."
40,"The Ministry of Truth is no longer fiction.

It's yet another attack on the First Amendment by the Biden administration."
41,"A recent study found that 59.3% more emails from GOP candidates were marked as spam by the Gmail algorithm compared to Democrats. 

Partisan Censorship comes in many forms."
42,"There is certainly no greater calling in life than motherhood.
 
Words cannot express the gratitude I feel for Karyn, the mother of my children; for my loving mother; &amp; for all dedicated mothers who love &amp; teach the rising generation.
 
Happy Mother's Day from my family to yours. https://t.co/M73C5K7opY"
43,Joe Biden's decision to appeal the ruling on masks shows only a desire to control the American people.
44,It's time for Republicans to play hardball with the Biden agenda.
45,"Today, I’d like to recognize the spouses of our nation’s heroes who have sacrificed so much and have become heroes themselves. https://t.co/lOYt3dmSGd"
46,"¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo!

From my family to yours. https://t.co/zif4y5CtrK"
47,"Today, we turn to God in prayer and meditation.

And we thank Him for the wonder of His  creation.

#Faith #Prayer #Family #America https://t.co/aGV7IV0vMn"
48,These last two years have been a lesson on the importance of conservative judges.
49,"""If personhood is established, [Jane Roe's] case collapses.""

- Roe v. Wade, Majority Opinion.

Over 95% of biologists believe life begins at conception.

Roe is done."
50,"Life is precious and must be protected.

Overturning Roe v. Wade will be a tremendous triumph of good over evil. 

Let's pray it becomes a reality."
51,"We don't need a Green New Deal.

We need a deal that works for the Red, White, and Blue."
52,"Twitter nearly chose to suffer catastrophic financial loss rather than restore free speech to its platform.

This is why Section 230 reform must be a priority in 2022."
53,Joe Biden's cognitive decline is a clear and present danger to the future of this country.
54,"Money doesn't win elections. 

Ideas do.

And unlike Mark Kelly, I actually stand for something."
55,The Democrats want masks back on because their totalitarian masks are entirely off.
56,"We must set a hard cap on the money and weapons we intend to deliver to Ukraine. 

This cannot go on indefinitely."
57,"Sterilizing and performing surgery on young girls for the ""crime"" of being a tomboy is barbarism."
58,"Barack Obama truly did tremendous harm to race relations in this country.

His successor, Joe Biden, is making them worse."
59,"Critical Race Theory is a destructive ideology that fosters racial animosity. We must follow Martin Luther King's admonition and look upon the content of one's character, not the color of one's skin."
60,"Disney messed with the wrong Governor.

When conservatives legislate conservatively, there's no stopping us."
61,"""Public health decisions shouldn't be made by the courts.""

- @PressSec 

Ok. Let's overturn Roe V Wade."
62,"How many times have we been let down by candidates that say the right thing on the campaign trail only to become part of the problem after taking office.  
 
I'm running for the U.S. Senate to ensure we replace Mark Kelly with a proven conservative fighter!"
63,"The radical left's defund the police movement is directly responsible for the increase in violent crime. We must support our law enforcement, be tough on crime and protect our communities."
64,"Mark Kelly is running a campaign that ignores his legislative record. From voting for CRT, to taxpayer subsidies for abortion, the Build Back Bankrupt bill, and the Freedom to Cheat Act, his record is out of step with mainstream Americans and inconsistent with Arizona values."
65,Mark Kelly's sudden interest in barring his colleagues from investing in the stock market is ironic given how much money Wall Street has invested in him.
66,The Ghost Gun narrative is Mark Kelly and Joe Biden's latest assault on the Second Amendment.
67,I am praying that Elon Musk makes free speech on Twitter great again.
68,"Why seek ye the living among the dead. He is not here, but is risen.

- Luke 24:5-6

Happy Easter from my family to yours. https://t.co/8V5M4N3hA0"
69,"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.

John 3:16 https://t.co/RtUbSRaOHj"
70,"RT @_JustinOlson: America must be able to look forward to a bright and prosperous future. 

By defending the conservative values that made…"
71,"America needs fewer laws, not more.

Limited government empowers individuals, families and communities, the pillars that build strong societies."
72,"Taxing unrealized gains is an unconstitutional proposal included in the budget Biden released last week. 
 
This increases the burden the government places on the economy. It will stifle economic growth and harm hardworking American families."
73,"The Hunter Biden laptop is real.

And so are the myriad accounts of Biden family corruption that it revealed."
74,"Disney is trying to indoctrinate our children.

It is tragic that Walt Disney's amazing legacy has been co-opted by the radical left."
75,"Message to our friends in the media.

Voter identification mandates are not ""voter restrictions"" they are voter protections that ensure the integrity of our elections."
76,"RT @RJC: .@RJC was proud to host an Arizona Candidates Forum this afternoon in Scottsdale.

Thank you to the participating candidates: @brn…"
77,"America must be able to look forward to a bright and prosperous future. 

By defending the conservative values that made our country great we can make America hopeful again."
78,Today we honor the Gold Star Spouses of America. 🇺🇸 https://t.co/1kmSmSZWi4
79,"Biden has now added a food shortage to the list of his crises. 

America needs leadership that understands basic economics. 

We must get the government out of the way and allow the private sector to flourish as it did under the Trump Administration."
80,Title 42 MUST be extended.
81,"I would be a no on Kentanji Brown Jackson.

This country deserves a constitutionalist, not an activist."
82,"RT @_JustinOlson: There is a crisis of trafficking, crime, and illegal immigration at our border. 

Too many politicians have complained ab…"
83,RT @AZGOP: Mark Kelly was sold off to Arizona pretending to be moderate. His vote on the radical Abortion For All that allows 13 years old…
84,"RT @AZGOP: Mark Kelly is the most vulnerable member of Congress and knows it. 

He is laughably unconvincing in his plea to extend 'Remain…"
85,"RT @AZSenateGOP: Monumental legislation spearheaded by Sen. @NancyBarto will protect women’s sports, unborn babies and mothers here in Ariz…"
86,"RT @AZGOP: 🚨Sign Now! Maricopa County!🚨Sign for one of the Republican candidates for Maricopa County Attorney. Candidates need 4,500+ signa…"
87,We should bring the Pledge of Allegiance back to every school in this country.
88,"We can achieve Martin Luther King's dream as we strive to be kind, caring, and considerate to all."
89,Replace the income tax with a flat tax filed on the back of a post card and end the IRS as we know it.
90,We must only support candidates for public office who put America and Americans First.
91,"I don't know what bothers me more from Jen Psaki. 

Her condescending tone or her lying to the American people."
92,"Biden’s policies have harmed hard working American families. As Arizona's next U.S. Senator, I will fight to protect us from the damage the radical left is inflicting on our country."
93,"To protect American interests at home and abroad, we must project strength that elicits the respect of our allies and the fear of our enemies."
94,"There is a crisis of trafficking, crime, and illegal immigration at our border. 

Too many politicians have complained about it, and not enough have helped the situation."
95,Arizonans shouldn't have to pay inflated prices for DC's mistakes.
96,"Dear Joe Biden and Mark Kelly:

Arizonans need border security NOW."
97,"The Left's soft-on-crime strategy is simply not working. 

We must keep Arizona from becoming California!"
98,"Big Tech companies should NOT get to decide what information we can or cannot hear.  
 
Their Section 230 protection from liability is based on the premise that they are a community bulletin board available to all. 
 
By censoring conservative voices, they violated that premise."
99,"Mark Kelly voted to allow Critical Race Theory to be taught in our schools, to subsidize abortions with your tax dollars, and to eliminate the filibuster to prohibit states from requiring an ID to vote. 
 
These are extreme positions that are not consistent with Arizona values."
