Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"In 2019, newly elected Ukrainian President Zelensky changed a long-held national position, ""I really don't want my picture in your offices... Hang your kid's photos instead, and look at them each time you make a decision."" Refreshing, let's find more leaders like him."
1,"President Zelenskyy: After the US offered to get him out of Ukraine when the bombing started, ""I need ammunition, not a ride.""

Ted Cruz: When Texans were fighting to stay warm last winter while the power grid was failing, ""On the rocks with salt, por favor, amigo."""
2,Our Colleyville Jewish friends will not be terrorized once again! This time by groups whose only mission is to spread hate in the world. Waking up to an antisemitic message on your lawn is not something Texans will tolerate. You can run but you can't hide. https://t.co/yBj1OeJvNb
3,"How do we fix our healthcare issues?  For one let’s create social distancing between our government decision-makers, Big Pharma, and the insurance lobby.  Everyone should get a seat at the table, not a couch!"
4,"Should Americans be one hernia away from bankruptcy? 
No. We must fix our health care system. $600 monthly premiums with a $7,000 deductible is absurd. We must vote for candidates who live in the real world and see what happens day in and out to everyday Americans. And who CARE."
5,"We've all been bored at work before... Right?!

https://t.co/8SxWbOnBMH"
6,@AOC I like that !  Split a hit when I saw the quote
7,Civil Rights attorney David Henderson is challenging these notices to witnesses in the Grand Jury room in Dallas. Let's hope justice prevails. https://t.co/tzOBL5I0a7
8,"I tweeted a few days ago that the Founding Fathers had left the building.

Good news. They have been spotted in Mara-Lago retrieving 15 boxes of White House documents."
9,"January 6th was a ""legitimate political discourse"" according to the fear-mongering sect of the RNC. Tell the families of the officers who were injured or killed trying to protect our Capitol how legitimate it was. The Founding Fathers have left the building."
10,Thank you to the 23rd SD Tejano Democrats! It is a special honor to be endorsed by a group that put so much time and effort into the candidate endorsement process. We're excited to work with you! https://t.co/FUGTpMRUTZ
11,Let’s focus on restoring our happy with gratitude that most people are kind caring and compassionate. Ignore the screaming toddler. We’ve got this. (3/3)
12,The noisiest toddler gets all the attention in the room. Same principle. Don’t worry. There are plenty of great leaders in Washington working for us and collaborating with the opposite party.  (2/3)
13,Don’t let divisive politics steal your happy. Politicians who spew hateful messages get all the attention because the media focuses on their antics. (1/3)
14,"Mary can't afford to travel out of Texas and abortion at 7 weeks could result in her being hunted down and sued for $10,000 under the new vigilante laws. Texas' SB8 law threatens women everywhere. Please vote for people who will put an end to these cruel new laws! (2/2)"
15,Mary was raped by her 52-year-old uncle. She is 16 and lives in central Texas. She has been working two fast-food jobs to save enough money to move out of her parent’s house. (1/2)
16,I wrote this letter to my hometown paper in 1972. My opinion stands. Termination of a pregnancy is a horrifying choice to make for both women and their partners. Why does war seem to come so easily? https://t.co/B8DNf9DWBx
17,"We are better than this. We are a country that loves to celebrate a diversity of culture, religion and heritage. We will get back on track. In the meantime let’s keep our Jewish neighbors in our hearts tonight and pray that they return to their families soon. (2/2)"
18,I am so saddened by what is happening in Colleyville right now. People should be able to freely worship without fear. Many of our elected leaders have perpetuated fear and hate and that has led to the violence we have seen in our places of worship in the last few years. (1/2)
19,"This is happening while our vigilante laws remain in effect to terrorize women who face the difficult decision to terminate a pregnancy. Is it really about the children Governor Abbott?  (4/4) #Democrats #UNITEDstates
#Frag4Congress"
20,The state is missing out on federal funds because it is not compliant with federal law which emphasizes preventative services to avoid having to remove children from their families. (3/4)
21,A federal judge blasted our state officials saying that she “had to take breaks “ while reading the files in the case because it “broke her heart” that Texas is treating its children this way. (2/4)
22,I am trying to wrap my brain around this. Texas recently sent 106 foster kids out of state because they couldn’t find housing for them here. One home they were sent to in Michigan had no front door and it was 28 degrees outside. (1/4)
23,"Millions of Americans are living uninsured, praying that an accident doesn’t ruin their job and jeopardize their future. These people are the lifeblood who keep this country moving. Health care is a fundamental right to all those who call this great country home. https://t.co/5VH7XSKpV3"
24,RT @POTUS: We’re facing an inflection point with climate change and need to act. That’s why I’ve put the U.S. on course to achieve net-zero…
25,The last thing our children should have to worry about is whether their drinking water is safe. An investment in our infrastructure is an investment in our future. https://t.co/RXWNrHlI4b
26,The billionaires who have profited from trafficking OxyContin are yachting around the Mediterranean this holiday while millions of families suffer from the effects of addiction. Big Pharma continues to operate without consequences. Why aren't the Sacklers in jail?#Dopesick
27,"Dozens of state legislatures have introduced bills restricting women’s right to choose, including some of the most restrictive since before Roe. We must protect the right to choose, it is a national issue."
28,"My name is Kathy Fragnoli. Partisan politics and congressional gridlock have put our country's progress in a straitjacket. I have spent my career hearing both sides of the story, I'm ready to do the same in Congress.  https://t.co/JUOFqiwYUD @ballotpedia"
29,Happy Hanukkah! https://t.co/6xXTUpsJK9
30,"I’m running because it’s about time we worked together. 

RT and Follow if you agree https://t.co/BJ24MALI6g"
31,"It’s time we worked together for the benefit of all Americans. Donate if you agree! 

https://t.co/gMLc2rUPAx"
32,"I’m Kathy Fragnoli and I’m running for Congress in TX-24. 

I’m a mediation lawyer, a long time Texan, and someone who decided to step up and put partisanship aside."
