Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Thanks again to everyone that supported the campaign and stay engaged!
1,Congratulations to Roger Williams on his win and I hope that he will take the opportunity during the general election campaign to have open conversations with all the people in the district &amp; to be open to smart investments &amp; solving real problems for the people he represents.
2,"Well, the election results are in and though I did not get the I outcome I had hoped for, I am proud of the work our team did to give the people of the district a great alternative in the primary..."
3,Thanks to everyone on the team that worked the last few days on get-out-the-vote effort and putting signs out.  Very much appreciated!
4,Getting an early start because today is primary election ay. Going to do a few voting site sign placements and final get-out-the-vote work.
5,"To help out voters who want a summary of my top level positions, here is the recent voter guide article from the Fort Worth Star Telegram. Getting all children access to a quality education is my top priority. https://t.co/JDIZ4E6Gph"
6,Keep holding representatives and candidates accountable and get out there and vote!
7,"In my campaign (Neuendorff for Congress), almost every event I have had is an open town hall where anyone can come and share their ideas. It’s great hearing what everyone has to say (even when we disagree) and it’s made me better prepared to represent the district."
8,Has Roger Williams started having real open meetings recently before the election? Unfortunately the answer is no. His recent flurry of posts/tweets shows him at meetings in the district after they happen. You have to let people know about a meeting to be able to attend.
9,Yesterday we met our promise of visiting every county in the district before election day. Its not over yet though... we still have another week before election day and will still be travelling and reaching out to more people. https://t.co/0iBffpbRh3
10,I had a busy day yesterday traveling to Stephenville for a neighborhood walk and meet-the-candidate event. It was great talking to the students from Tarleton State and the other people we met. https://t.co/PR3KtZL8g5
11,I also wanted to give a shout out to Sherry and the team for putting together our final mailing yesterday.  It's part of our final push for the last half of early voting and election day. https://t.co/lyf08uVK4o
12,Yesterday we did a neighborhood walk and delivered signs in Bertram (in Burnet County). Great meeting everyone there! https://t.co/XSs72HwdPc
13,I went and voted today and it felt great! Everyone should try get their voting in early while the lines are fairly short. https://t.co/Eo0yubQgZY
14,We also did our final sign push to get the larger ones out and the smaller ones at polling stations in Travis and surrounding counties. https://t.co/r8s0DHT3to
15,This week we are going to do a neighborhood walk in Hamilton and a meet-the-candidate event in Glen Rose.
16,Catching up for last week... We had a house party in the Lakeway are and a meet-the-candidate event in Copperas Cove and attended a non-partisan candidate forum in Travis County. https://t.co/NzYVOHlvA5
17,"And finally for today/tonight, here is the latest version of my map showing which counties in the district I have visited.  My promise is to make it to every county by March 3rd (primary election day). https://t.co/H831VnYJEI"
18,From this morning... I was in on the interview with Harrison Keller who is the Texas Higher Education Commisioner by the Texas Tribune.  It was a really good catch-up on what the commission is trying to do for college and university education in our state. https://t.co/NyPHtXCmOg
19,Tonight I met with the College Republicans at Texas (at the University of Texas).  I got to speak and do a Q&amp;A with them.  A really good discussion of all the candidates in the race at the primary level and a lot of coverage of education.
20,And this past weekend I met a couple of people in Morgan and walked neighborhoods in Clifton (both in Bosque County) and had a meet-the-candidate event in Hillsboro at Overflow Coffee (in Hill County). https://t.co/3iQ5bUp0Hr
21,We had a meet the candidate event in Burleson... https://t.co/ZECQpnj9JQ
22,We had a little break on Twitter because we got so busy with doing events and meeting people in different places.  I'll do a mini tweet storm to catch you up...
23,"In yesterday's discussions, I got some great additional ideas about improving Internet access to smaller towns &amp; rural communities.  We can get fast reliable Internet to businesses and individuals there by working together and enhancing &amp; expanding the USDA ReConnect program."
24,We had two more events yesterday in Lampasas and Marble Falls (two more counties visited!)  I especially want to thank Andrew at The Rolling Pin Bakery in Lampasas for hosting and talking to me about the ins and outs of running a true small business with his family. https://t.co/7Dm6g3kMl5
25,I made a short video to talk about the plan we have to visit every county in the district before primary election day (March 3). We have just over a month to visit eleven more counties (we did three already!) in our huge district. https://t.co/TgdcHo1cqM
26,"We had a great time at our meet-the candidate event in Dripping Springs last night. Healthcare got a good deal of attention in the discussion.

The people at Sententia Vera also let us leave yard signs in their lobby for anyone that wants to pick one up and display at their home. https://t.co/F65xl41Sp8"
27,"We are getting near the end of voter registration before the primary election. February 3 is the last day to register.

If you need to check if you are registered and where you are registered, you can go to the Texas Secretary of State's web site. https://t.co/cACbnpMWM1"
28,...and later on February 1st (1:00 PM - 3:00 PM) at Mojo Coffee in Marble Falls @MojoMarbleFalls
29,We are going to have a double header on February 1st with two meet-the-candidate events. We'll be in Lampasas at 9:00 AM at the Rolling Pin Bakery and Bistro (should be a lot of people there for their great cinnamon rolls)...
30,Out team has been really busy setting up the next events for us as we roll up and down the district.  We will be posting shortly about the events in Marble Falls and Lampasas happening on February 1.
31,The format of the Dripping Springs meeting is still the same.  Come any time from 5:00 - 7:00 PM to learn more about me and why I am the right choice in the Republican primary.  I'll be ready to answer questions and have an open conversation about the issues you care about.
32,"Our meet-the-candidate event in Dripping Springs has changed locations.  We are still on for Jan. 29 from 5:00 - 7:00 PM but the location is now at the Sententia Vera Cultural Hub at 4002 E. Hwy 290, which is just East of Dripping Springs at the cross street of Sunset Canyon Dr."
33,"We just stopped at Mojo Coffee in Marble Falls, the location of one of or upcoming meet the candidate events. We really liked the art they have exhibited from a homeschool group in the area. https://t.co/LZb6KL9ii3"
34,"Today I will be travelling through the district up through Copperas Cove and Killeen to finalize locations for more events.  If you live in Burnett, Lampasas, Coryell, or that tiny part of Bell county that is in the district, you might even see me."
35,"We just locked in our next meet-the-candidate event in downtown Dripping Springs (Hayes County) on Wednesday, January 29th at 5:00 to 7:00 PM.  Location details will be coming shortly but I wanted to get the word out ASAP so everyone in the Dripping Springs area can plan to come."
36,We had a great event tonight. Thanks to everyone that was there! We had people coming in and out the whole night. Great questions and conversations through the whole event. https://t.co/Adm78QaEJM
37,Having a cup of coffee at Trianon Coffee for our Meet the Candidate Event from 5-7. Can't wait to see all of you. https://t.co/ymLnHysLsg
38,And here I am at the Lakeway Men's Breakfast meeting early this morning. They were kind enough to let me give a meet-the-candidate talk before their program. Great conversations and thoughts from the group! https://t.co/OLHScs7JAD
39,The Cowtown Republican Women put on a great event to meet the candidates from three Congressional districts last night! I was the only candidate from district 25 there and got lots of time to talk to the attendees. That's me on the right getting a sip of tea between questions. https://t.co/h1A5ZbeIKq
40,"The campaign got a nice mention in the Austin Chronicle's Local and State Election Ticker column today!  It had a good statement of my call to have more accountable office holders and to ""Retire Roger"".  Here is a link to the article:
https://t.co/hxRKfjg3lU"
41,"Things are about to really kick in with meet-the-candidate events in the Northern parts of the district and more news and media exposure. The more donations we get, the more people we can reach.  Even small amounts help.

Thanks again and lets win this election!"
42,"Happy New Year and how about DONATING to the campaign? :)

To make a donation, go to my campaign web site at https://t.co/UemiftXs1U and click on the DONATE button or go directly to our donation site at https://t.co/YdVNIBrzR1"
43,Here is a short video that I did while we were out on our Christmas trip to see all the grandparents. In it I give a quick summary of my take on education and do a little cooking. https://t.co/jJ28yJXwyR
44,Merry Christmas everyone!  A nice quiet morning with just Sherry and me before the kids got up. https://t.co/Wq0LtaZGV8
45,https://t.co/w74BOWB6zq
46,"I have also been invited to speak and answer questions at Cowtown Republican Women's meeting in Ft. Worth on Jan. 6. Yes, our district goes up that far North... All the way to the Southern part of Ft. Worth.

Looking forward to attending and talking to the voters up there!"
47,I am set to participate in the East/West Austin Primary Candidates Forum on February 15 (Saturday) at Laura's Library at 1:00 PM.  It's a non-partisan forum for District 25 and one other race  It will be interesting if Roger Williams shows up... not expecting him to.
48,"...and though its early in the campaign season, here is another yard sign put up today! https://t.co/MXUKOe0YkC"
49,An enthusiastic daughter placing one or our yard signs... https://t.co/6ZDg94zQiC
50,"I have posted on my website my thoughts on Accountability for elected officials. It touches on how Roger Williams has not been accountable to his constituents and how I would embrace contact with my constituents, even if we don't agree on every issue.
https://t.co/XA8991s9Rm"
51,"A shout out to the Austin Area League of Women Voters for all the work they do to put together their great non-partisan voting guide for each election!
https://t.co/4vOG4O4yBc"
52,A quick update on my son is that he is (finally) set to get out of the hospital tomorrow (Wed).  He is feeling almost back to normal and will be very happy to get out.
53,Fresh off the presses.. Details of why I believe that the federal government has a limited but critical role in Education in our country... Plus why Roger Williams is wrong to want to get rid of the Department of Education. https://t.co/UJWzMtSeTQ
54,"Topics I will be hitting will include more on Accountability of our representatives (expanding on my general dissatisfaction mentioned in my first video), Investing in Education, and Fiscal Responsibility."
55,"I am back on campaign now and wanted to let everyone know that over the next day or two I will be starting to post more details about my positions on some important issues, especially as they contrast with positions Roger Williams has taken."
56,I took a short break from the campaign as my oldest child is in the hospital since late Friday night and that has kept things busy (to say the least).  It looks like he is going to be fine but will be in for a couple more days.  Keep him in your thoughts and prayers.
57,Here is a video we made to explain my reasoning for getting into the race. https://t.co/WvJ1cfePMd
58,"We are finally making the official announcement of the campaign today!  Press release is going out today.  Continuing to get the word out and fundraising.  It might be a little quiet over the holidays, but we will be plugging away..."
59,We will start providing content about the campaign over the next few days.  I am excited to be telling everyone about how I want to serve our district with integrity and be accountable to everyone I represent.
60,Hi everyone!  I am excited to announce my candidacy for Congress in the great Texas 25th district!  My team and I have actually been working on it for a while but are now doing our social media launch for the campaign.
