Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"Know @senbetsyjohnson or not yet? Either way, take a few minutes to read this remarkable article in @Oregonian today about the best candidate to be Oregon's next Governor. “She’s not like anyone Oregon has ever had. Maybe that’s what we need to break out of these doldrums.” https://t.co/L9dz4DWnoe"
1,https://t.co/8nwLkkx7fa
2,".@DanTilkinKOIN6 asked why I endorse @senbetsyjohnson. Simply, we need a leader who is loyal to the people of Oregon, and not political parties or powerful special interest groups. We need a Governor who will call out lies and call it like it is, for both the left and the right."
3,"I am endorsing @senbetsyjohnson for Governor because Betsy's plain-spoken, independent spirit and proven record of putting the concerns of everyday Oregonians before partisan politics is exactly what Oregon needs right now. 

#orpol

https://t.co/CBUk3wyRx5"
4,"RT @jjcooper: Republican @KnuteBuehler, who was planning a run for governor, originally got this through the Oregon Legislature in 2015. Si…"
5,"Thank you, stay involved and see you down the road.

https://t.co/KeWvWFT3UV"
6,"Hardworking Staff- My campaign staff and team. Thanks for your dedication, smarts, candid advice and professionalism. This wasn’t the outcome we had hoped for, but I’m the better for knowing and working with each of you."
7,"Dedicated Volunteers- Those of you who volunteered your time to make phone calls, share and display lawn signs, offer a personal endorsement, appear in ads, and spread the word on social media. Thank you for your tireless efforts and support."
8,"Generous Donors- The 5,000 grassroots donors to this campaign. Wow. You answered the call and provided the fuel for this campaign. Many of you have supported me in previous campaigns. Thank you for participating in our democracy. I’m humbled and grateful to each of you."
9,"Oregon Voters- Those that voted for me and even those that chose another candidate. Thank you for teaching me, listening to me and supporting me over several elections. I’m particularly grateful to the voters in Bend, who gave me the honor of being their voice in the OR House."
10,"My Family- At the top of the list is my wife Patty and our two kids - thank you for supporting and loving me. Elections come and go, but family love endures. You are what define me, not politics."
11,"Last night I called @CliffBentz to congratulate him and offer my endorsement and full support. Cliff is a good man and a strong legislator and I urge everyone to get behind him.
 
Today, as we close the books on this campaign, I want to offer some special thank yous. https://t.co/2ngNgJraod"
12,"I called to congratulate @CliffBentz  on his victory. Cliff is a good man and a strong legislator. His deep roots in CD2 will serve us all well in Congress. I strongly endorse Cliff and encourage Republicans to rally behind him. Congrats to Cliff, his family and his supporters https://t.co/DJw9OKWwML"
13,Less than three hours to turn your ballot in! https://t.co/Eap9CzeWyh
14,"Our campaign to be Oregon's conservative voice in Congress is not possible without you. The over 5,000 grassroots supporters who have chipped in with donations, given up your time making phone calls to voters on my behalf, or allowed us to display a yard sign on your property."
15,"Remember that today is the last day to return your ballot and make your vote count, and I graciously ask that you cast your vote for me. https://t.co/TVu5P3YRMj"
16,I believe that reopening and rebuilding our communities will not only require faith in each other but help and inspiration from a loving God.
17,"As we navigate this public health crisis, our elected leaders must respect our Constitutional liberties. I hope all faith leaders in OR will show Gov. Brown how religious gatherings and church services can be done safely.

https://t.co/Evr0CsUI08"
18,"In Congress, I will always stand up for our conservative values,  just like I did in the legislature.

-Lower taxes and fewer government restrictions
-Defending the Second Amendment
-Standing with President Trump to secure the border and end sanctuary cities"
19,"Remember, if you are still yet to vote to turn your ballot into a drop site by tomorrow, May 19th!

https://t.co/04zUhK7cqx"
20,Thank you to everyone who wears the cloth of our country and selflessly stands ready to defend our great nation. You make us proud to be Americans.
21,"Joined Lt. Colonel Dick Tobiason (Ret), veterans from Bend Band of Brothers and some of our brave men and women from Bend PD who maintain the “thin Blue Line” for our community to celebrate Armed Forces Day. https://t.co/010fV7WJHV"
22,"Thank you, Victor, for your endorsement and recommendation in today's Bend Bulletin. I have always stood fast against excessive tax increases in Salem and will do the same in Washington. 

https://t.co/spoRCSxCLO"
23,"In Congress, I will stand with President Trump to lower taxes, defend the Second Amendment, secure the border, put an end to sanctuary cities, and fight Nancy Pelosi's liberal agenda just like I fought Kate Brown in Salem."
24,"Remember to get your vote in before this Tuesday, May 19th! It is too late now to mail in your ballot, so make sure you get to your county's drop sites. https://t.co/5lQRDX9HP1"
25,OR liberals have always hated our tough crime laws and rights for crime victims. Undermining the will of Oregonians during this public health and economic crisis is a disgrace.
26,"Oregon voters approved the death penalty and it should be voters - not Kate Brown - who decide its future. I personally support the death penalty.

https://t.co/wa3duDljub"
27,"By May 19th, I ask for your vote because, just like I did in the legislature, I will always stand up for our conservative values 

-Lower taxes and fewer government restrictions

-Defending the 2nd Amendment

-Standing with Pres Trump to secure the border and end sanctuary cities https://t.co/HqsyBxWjp6"
28,"I will fight the radical left in Congress, just as I  did in the Oregon Legislature. I opposed Kate Brown’s radical cap and trade scheme and I’ll fight the Biden-AOC Green New Deal.

https://t.co/HtRa05GZZe"
29,Thank you again @thebulletin  for endorsing me to carry on Rep. Walden's Legacy!
30,"""The Bulletin's editorial board researches candidates and issues and then decides on an endorsement. We aren't telling you how you must vote. Consider it another piece of information as you make up your mind.

Republican Primary: Knute Buehler""

https://t.co/NKrqHpAr4h"
31,"“I would use the platform of being a member of Congress to push back against Kate Brown and the excesses we see in Oregon. The massive tax hikes, the bad legislation like cap and trade and the infringements of our 2A right.”

#KOBIForum"
32,"“I would shamelessly steal from @repgregwalden and his constituent service and showing up here in the district”

#KOBIForum"
33,"“When I’m in Congress I will make sure there are targeted dollars for mental health here in Oregon specifically for our veterans”

#KOBIforum"
34,"“The CARES act 1 and 2 which @POTUS signed has been a really good start to keeping our economy alive”

#KOBIForum"
35,"I am running to represent those who far too often have been left out and left behind by the liberal establishment and special interests groups.

I will stand with Pres Trump in DC to fight Nancy Pelosi and the special interest groups, and I will stand for our conservative values."
36,"Tune in here for our final candidate forum before voting ends on May 19th.

https://t.co/3o0B7RsbUQ"
37,"🚨 IMPORTANT ELECTION ANNOUNCEMENT 🚨

Today is the last day to vote by mail safely! If you are planning to cast your ballot tomorrow, please find which of your county's drop site locations are open by going to their county clerks website."
38,"I've stood strong against unconstitutional gun grabs, red flag laws (SB 719, 2017), expanded background checks (SB 941, 2015) and a ban on ""assault rifles"". When I ran for Governor, I committed not to enforce unconstitutional laws that restricted 2A rights https://t.co/Ss0vLhPmKI"
39,"""No candidate in this race has fought harder against Kate Brown and the Liberal establishment harder than I have, and I am ready to take that fight to Washington D.C. to stand with President Trump""

Catch the rest of my interview with Steve Dunn here:

https://t.co/PVlzti3MKt"
40,"Patty and I met in Medical School and fell in love. She’s my partner in all things: medicine, business, public service and, most important parenting. Patty’s devotion as a mom to our two children knows no bounds. I am blessed. Happy Mother’s Day to all the moms. https://t.co/IrkwwDdHuV"
41,"My brothers and I were raised in Roseburg by a homemaker and a Butcher. While our parents never went to college, they made sure their three boys all did. My mom is tough, resourceful, opinionated and caring. Thinking of you today mom. Grateful. Happy Mother’s Day to all our moms. https://t.co/gTzXDAwKvp"
42,"I am the most qualified candidate to represent us in Congress. No other candidate has fought Kate Brown and the PDX liberals harder than I have - standing up for our 2A rights, fighting for our businesses, and supporting President Trump's policies here in Oregon"
43,"Thank you to all the local GOP committees, TV stations, and newspapers who have had to adjust to the coronavirus with how to host their candidate forums. We know that these changes are not always easy, but they are essential for the voters. 

https://t.co/mr14iQTgx7"
44,"Today, I joined dozens of their local leaders and shared with them how I have always been a champion for business in OR. In Salem, I consistently held the line fighting Kate Brown's tax hikes and increased government regulation. In DC, Nancy Pelosi can expect that same fight."
45,"I am proud to have earned the endorsement from the leading small business group, the National Association of REALTORS®! https://t.co/g27woAT8NU"
46,"Thank you, President Trump and Congress, for passing this much-needed relief for our farmers and ranchers."
47,"Last week, Pres Trump signed the Paycheck Protection Program and Healthcare Enhancement Act, which allowed for SBA's EIDL to reopen. This will provide additional funding for farmers, ranchers, and other ag businesses that have been affected by COVID-19.

https://t.co/z3U8MINTsA"
48,RT @SteveCallaway2: To my friends in @CPrineville @PrinevillePD @CityofBend @bendparksandrec @CityOfRedmondOR @KnuteBuehler ...look to the…
49,Why? It’s time for “successful businessman” Jimmy Crumpacker to come clean. What are you hiding from Jimmy? Voters are waiting for answers.
50,"Before Jimmy was unemployed, he spent two years at Aequitas but he has never explained his role. Even worse, Jimmy has scrubbed his years as Managing Partner from his resume. Why? Jimmy refuses to grant interviews or take questions about his background at Aequitas. https://t.co/VeSEryBJrf"
51,"I am running to represent the people and places of Oregon's 2nd Congressional district who for too long have been left out and left behind by the special interest groups of Portland and Washington DC 

I have fought them in Salem and am ready to take that fight to Washington DC https://t.co/psNuCJXPxL"
52,"Patty and I voted have you?!

Don’t forget to turn your ballot in, and I ask that you cast your vote for me in the Second Congressional District Republican Primary. I have taken the fight to Kate Brown and the PDX liberals; now it’s time to take that fight to Nancy Pelosi in D.C. https://t.co/lh5lvSBoD6"
53,”We need to help @realDonaldTrump get re-elected by calling out those policies which have been so good for America and Oregon. We can also help him to tap into the excellent fundraising capabilities here in Oregon.” #BakerForum
54,”I am a firm believer in term limits. The Founding Fathers were absolutely correct when they designed to legislature to reflect the people.” #BakerForum
55,"”I praised @POTUS when he pardoned the Hammonds, and it was absolutely the right thing to do.” #BakerForum"
56,”President Trump has done a lot of great work for our farmers by reversing the Obama era water policies.” #BakerForum
57,"Once again, Jason Atkinson is trying to mislead the voters about his efforts to remove the Klamath Dam by saying Greg Walden is a supporter. This is a lie and completely untrue. #BakerForum"
58,“I do not believe in putting fish before farmers and that’s what we are doing when we remove these dams. So no I do not believe in removing the dams” #BakerForum
59,"Behind the scenes preparing for the Baker County Republican Forum. Too often people have been left out and left behind by the special interests of Portland and DC. I am running to represent them.

Follow along here: https://t.co/pTDH6EKImF https://t.co/6pwqSHgg78"
60,"I support a strong national defense and will support military action when America, its allies or national interests are threatened or attacked. History shows that peace is best secured through strength and deterrence – not weakness or appeasement."
61,"Proud to have Lt. Colonel Dick Tobiason (Ret) on my side for this Congressional race. Dick is a tireless advocate for our veterans with a long list of accomplishments.

As a legislator and doctor, I have a record of supporting vets and being an advocate for better VA care https://t.co/1nNI2VrwCl"
62,"I will defend Oregon farmers and ranchers from extreme proposals to tear out dams that provide energy, irrigation and transportation vital to the NW economy."
63,I will stand with gun owners and support the NRA to defend our Second Amendment rights.
64,"I will stand with President Trump to secure the border, combat illegal immigration, and stop federal funding of sanctuary cities."
65,"I will always stand with taxpayers to oppose new taxes and will vote to roll back regulations that kill small businesses and jobs in farming, ranching and timber."
66,"I will stand with President Trump and take the fight to AOC, Pelosi, and the liberals who want to compromise our conservative values, rights, freedoms, and way of life. 

I humbly ask for your vote this May to represent you in Congress. https://t.co/PKDTOvZgdv"
67,"“In the end, Buehler has demonstrated the better leadership. He has a far greater command of the issues and has proved he can chart his way through partisanship to fix problems.

Vote for Buehler”"
68,"I am deeply honored to have earned the Bend Bulletin’s endorsement for the Republican nomination. I promise to uphold our conservative values and carry on the tradition of leadership set by Rep. Greg Walden.

https://t.co/SJlP5BzhWJ"
69,"Jason Atkinson is confused. Greg Walden did not support your dam removal that was New York’s third Senator, Ron Wyden. #EOforum"
70,“Nobody in this race has fought Kate Brown harder than I have and I am ready to stand with President Trump to bring the fight to Nancy Pelosi” #EOforum
71,Jimmy if you are such a strong supporter of the Second Amendment why did you refuse to take the NRA’s survey? #EOforum
72,“I am absolutely against abolishing the electoral college. We need to hold steadfast the principles which have made this country the greatest country in earth” #EOforum
73,“I absolutely will not support big government solutions like the Green New Deal” #EOforum
74,"“I’ve differed from Jason Atkinson, I do not support dam removal... I will not put fish before farmers”

#EOforum"
75,Cliff Bentz loves to cross party lines when he’s writing Oregon’s largest tax increase or voting to disconnect Oregonians from President Trump’s tax cuts. #EOforum
76,"“I will work across party lines when the issues benefit the people and and places of CD2 but do not compromise our Conservative values”
#EOforum"
77,"“Oregon needs to start safely opening now”
#EOforum"
78,Cliff how do you reconcile writing Oregon’s largest tax and supporting over $500mil in spending boondoggles while paying down the debt? #EOforum
79,“We need to hold China accountable... and bring those supply chains back to America reducing our reliance on China for life-saving equipment.” #EOforum
80,"“What are the three priorities for this district?”
- Recovering from COVID-19 and preventing pandemics in the future 
- Restore our Economy 
- Preserve our conservative values

#EOforum"
81,109 days Jimmy Crumpacker has refused to go on @LarsLarsonShow and answer questions about his candidacy. https://t.co/LZvq3bfR3k
82,"Follow this link to hear why I am the best choice to support our small and local business, stand with President Trump to secure our border, eliminate sanctuary cities and fight for our Second Amendment rights.

https://t.co/j18L1ZWWhp"
83,Ready for the East Oregonian candidate forum! https://t.co/eVF5xboWKa
84,"In last night’s East Oregonian Democratic forum, all four candidates agree with Jason Atkinson to put salmon before farmers and remove the Klamath Dam. I will stand up to those radical environmentalists and keep our Northwest dams"
85,Rural communities that are ready to begin safely and carefully reopening should start sooner. What’s needed in Portland and Eugene shouldn’t dictate to less densely populated areas w limited cases and ample medical capacity.
86,"Keeping rural communities under lock and key for another two weeks is extreme. 

https://t.co/IeuiES2IC6"
87,108 days Jimmy Crumpacker has refused to go on @LarsLarsonShow https://t.co/V04ViYQpjs
88,"Despite the tough times we are all facing, you all stepped up and helped us raise another $100,000 this April. Your passion and enthusiasm will carry us through the finish line on May 19th and ensure Greg Walden’s legacy of thoughtful conservative leadership is continued."
89,"THANK YOU!

Patty, Ferris, and I thank the more than 5,000 grassroots donors who have made this campaign a possibility. https://t.co/9kjUayaYTy"
90,107 days Jimmy Crumpacker has refused to go on @LarsLarsonShow https://t.co/9rJgRLFVUS
91,"Protecting the Second Amendment ✅

Lowering Taxes ✅

Securing the border and ending sanctuary cities ✅

Fighting for our small business and traditional jobs ✅"
92,Nobody has fought Kate Brown's insane tax hikes and liberal agenda in Oregon harder than I have. Now I am ready to go to D.C. and stand with President Trump for our conservative values. https://t.co/NRMcDRRvq6
93,Buehler signs strong in Keno! https://t.co/3EpeR7uIH5
94,"107 days Jimmy Crumpacker has refused to go on @LarsLarsonShow now he’s ducking any interview request. What is he hiding?
https://t.co/7eVhCvVEoK"
95,If Cliff did all this with Kate Brown in Salem... imagine what he will do with Nancy Pelosi in DC.
96,Cliff voted for the Obamacare website that cost us $350 million but never worked and was a supporter of the $200 million Portland bridge that never got built.
97,Cliff joined the democrats to provide lower-cost college tuition to illegal immigrants while denying veterans the same.
98,Cliff voted for more than $8.3 billion in new taxes.
99,Cliff was the chief architect of Kate Brown's record breaking $5.3 billion tax increase and Oregon’s first sales tax.
