Unnamed: 0,Text
0,All those years of hard work fighting for conservative judges on the Supreme Court is paying off-big time!
1,"The Court rightfully held that a football coach praying alone in view of his players is not a violation of the Constitution, but rather protected religious and free speech activity under the First Amendment. 

This is a common-sense ruling."
2,"Another great day for religious freedom at the U.S. Supreme Court.

https://t.co/Z2unFWl0x3"
3,"RT @marthamaccallum: GA Gubernatorial Candidate ⁦@staceyabrams⁩, Senator ⁦@LindseyGrahamSC⁩ + more. Join me on ⁦@FoxNewsSunday⁩ @ 2pmEST @f…"
4,"RT @FoxNewsSunday: Today on #FoxNewsSunday with 
@marthamaccallum 

▶️ @ShannonBream 

▶️ @AlexandriaHoff 

▶️ @LindseyGrahamSC 

▶️ @stace…"
5,"@LeaderMcConnell Hats off to Mitch.  

Job well-done! 👏  👏"
6,"@LeaderMcConnell Working over the decades with Republican presidents, Senator McConnell has been the strongest supporter of constitutional conservative judges. 

His leadership and time as Majority Leader was outcome determinative in creating this conservative court."
7,"On this historic day where there has been a major constitutional reset, it is time to reflect on the people who worked so hard to bring this day about.  

No one person has done more to get conservative judges on the Supreme Court than @LeaderMcConnell."
8,@Mike_Pence A great day for the Constitution and the pro-life movement!
9,"@Mike_Pence I appreciate the Trump Administration for the appointment of 3 outstanding Supreme Court justices who had a hand in this historic decision.  

President Trump stood by them all and Mike Pence’s fingerprints are all over these selections."
10,"@Mike_Pence I told Mike he has been a steady, consistent voice for the pro-life cause and has been a true inspiration and role model for people like me."
11,"Just received a wonderful phone call from my dear friend and former VP @Mike_Pence.

He was kind enough to reach out and thank me for my efforts in fighting for conservative judges through the years."
12,RT @FoxNews: Lindsey Graham on Roe v. Wade reversal: 'A constitutional reset and a day to celebrate' https://t.co/Wa8Aq1he1U
13,"Speaking with Brian @kilmeade about the Supreme Court decision on @foxnewsradio.

#ProLife

LISTEN LIVE:
https://t.co/cV0ecH8nqI"
14,"Under the Roe theory, almost anything could be a constitutional right depending on the views of five justices on substantive due process."
15,"Roe was Constitutionally unsound from its inception as the flawed legal theory behind the decision gives unlimited power to five unelected Supreme Court justices. 

I believe it was one of the largest power grabs in the history of the Supreme Court."
16,Today’s decision by the Supreme Court is a long overdue constitutional correction allowing for elected officials in the states to decide issues of life.
17,"Speaking with Brian @kilmeade on @foxnewsradio at 11:20 AM this morning on the Supreme Court Dobbs decision.

LISTEN LIVE:
https://t.co/Y7MRlJ1hJy"
18,"The Supreme Court's decision is yet another example of reinforcing the concept that the Second Amendment is an individual right rooted in the ability to defend oneself and property.
 
A big day for responsible gun ownership.

https://t.co/30LsYkta1f"
19,"Great day for the Second Amendment. At its core, the Supreme Court ruled that the right to bear arms is the right to defend oneself and one’s property.

The New York law was a tremendous overreach putting unconstitutional requirements on concealed carry permits."
20,"One useful provision in the bill would correct a hole in background-check screening for those under 21. 

https://t.co/LYr7JC0NHk"
21,"RT @SenTedCruz: .@LindseyGrahamSC and I serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee.
 
We have had 0 hearings on the crisis at the southern bor…"
22,"📍 In Case You Missed It 📍

#BidenBorderCrisis press conference with Senators Ted Cruz &amp; Lindsey Graham, Rep. Jim Jordan, and @BPUnion’s Brandon Judd.

WATCH: 
https://t.co/TgdeqQAMM6"
23,"HAPPENING NOW: #BidenBorderCrisis press conference with Senators Ted Cruz &amp; Lindsey Graham, Rep. Jim Jordan, and @BPUnion’s Brandon Judd.

https://t.co/TRGYj3zbQj"
24,"RT @ellengilmer: Meanwhile on the Senate side, National Border Patrol Council’s Brandon Judd speaking with Sens. Graham, Cruz &amp; Rep. Jordan…"
25,"Holding a press conference at 12:30 PM with @TedCruz and @Jim_Jordan to discuss the worsening crisis at the U.S.-Mexico border as a result of the Biden Administration’s continued failed policies. 

Will be joined by Brandon Judd, president of the National Border Patrol Council."
26,"Problems like this need to be better addressed with systems that can act before it is too late. 

In most cases, the warning signs were real and the system failed. 

Hopefully working together we can do better.  

https://t.co/So5IMT9z7Z"
27,"We must give Ukraine the tools they need to defend their homeland. 

https://t.co/EwynyHQGHX"
28,Congress appropriated billions to provide military equipment to Ukraine. I just visited with the Ukrainian parliamentary delegation. They are incredibly frustrated with the pace of arms to Ukraine and endless excuses being offered regarding weapons shipments.
29,To believe that appeasing Putin in Ukraine ends his desires is incredibly naïve. If you don’t believe me just listen to Putin himself.
30,The idea that President Biden would chastise the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State regarding their statements in support of victory for Ukraine and weakening the Russian military is despicable.
31,"If this media report is remotely accurate, it explains a lot.
 
https://t.co/UaBHxmwYUb"
32,"This is a prime example of where American troops on the ground, working with local forces, pays big dividends in the War on Terror. 

Well done."
33,I appreciate the Biden Administration leaving American forces in Syria to prevent the reemergence of ISIS and to provide some level of stability in this volatile region.
34,"Great job by U.S. led Coalition forces in capturing Hani Ahmed al-Kurdi, a senior leader of the Islamic State and an assessed ISIS bomb maker in Syria. Congratulations to all involved in planning and executing this operation.

https://t.co/lWFiy9OiD9"
35,"RT @foxnewspolitics: Sen. Graham on crisis at the southern border. 

WATCH: @BretBaier moderates @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenSanders debate on…"
36,RT @foxnewspolitics: WATCH: @LindseyGrahamSC calls out @SenSanders for inflation “death spiral” during debate on @foxnation moderated by @B…
37,"RT @foxnewspolitics: Graham: “What happened to gas prices: [Democrats] declared war on fossil fuels in the United States, and when you go t…"
38,"RT @foxnewspolitics: Sen. Graham challenges Sen. Sanders to bring Medicare for All bill to the floor for a vote.

FOLLOW LIVE: @BretBaier m…"
39,"RT @foxnewspolitics: Sen. Graham: “One thing Bernie and I agree on is Putin sucks.""

FOLLOW LIVE: @BretBaier moderates @LindseyGrahamSC and…"
40,"RT @foxnewspolitics: Sen. Lindsey Graham on state of our country: ""It can be better.""

FOLLOW LIVE: @BretBaier moderates @LindseyGrahamSC a…"
41,RT @foxnation: The Senate Project debate is LIVE now! @BretBaier moderates this one-hour spirited policy debate between Senators Lindsey Gr…
42,RT @foxnewspolitics: Graham on illegal immigration: “It’s just a matter of time before some terrorist comes over here and kills us all… We’…
43,"@FoxNews By passing the bill, Democrats ""feel that they would be siding against the protesters,"" he told host Bret Baier. ""They agree with the protesters and don't want to do anything that would be seen by the hard Left as a rejection of their strategy."""
44,RT @FoxNews: .@LindseyGrahamSC on bill for security for SCOTUS justices' families: Dems' strategy will lead to murder https://t.co/IUTHhMfq…
45,"The House-passed gun control bill is an extreme constitutional overreach.  
It represents the wish list of the Left when it comes to #GunControl.

I will vigorously oppose this measure.  

It will go nowhere in the Senate. https://t.co/wnOBvKyLil"
46,Speaking with @JesseBWatters in just a few minutes on @FoxNews about the attempted murder of Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
47,Congratulations to @ChuckGrassley for a resounding victory in the Iowa Republican primary. Senator Grassley is a Senate legend who has an unbelievable work ethic and is one of the most reliable conservatives in the body. I look forward to a big victory in November.
48,"Congratulations to my good friend @SenJohnThune and his entire family for a big win in the South Dakota Republican primary. John is a true leader, a solid conservative, and a great friend. I’m very glad that John and Kimberley chose to stay in the fight."
49,Letting an authoritarian war criminal tell Western democracies how to support democracy is a non-starter. It'd be like an arsonist telling the fire department to stand down.
50,"When it comes to Putin: isolate his regime, continue sanctions, designate Putin’s Russia as a State Sponsor of Terrorism, and vigorously pursue war crimes charges against him personally."
51,We should continue to supply the weapons the Ukrainians have requested to defend their homeland and expel the invading Russians.
52,"When it comes to Putin’s threats to escalate the war if the West continues to support the Ukrainian military with arms, my response is simple: We Are All-In for Ukraine.
 
https://t.co/2IlYm82lMb"
53,"As long as there is an America, we will remember this important day and the tremendous personal courage shown by those who took part in this historic operation.  

God bless all those who made the ultimate sacrifice for freedom."
54,"#DDay is one of the most historic and memorable events in U.S. military history.  

We would all be well-served to remember what those brave Americans, along with other Allied forces, were willing to sacrifice to ensure freedom prevailed.   

🇺🇸 https://t.co/b9IAZXP5TI"
55,"It is time to mobilize our retired and former service members who are willing to help secure our schools.

Our schools are soft targets. 

They contain our most valuable possession — our children, the future of our country — and must be protected. https://t.co/OBoCjPyH4D"
56,"Schools should be treated like courthouses, banks, capital buildings, etc when it comes to security. 

(4/4)"
57,"It is time to mobilize our retired and former service members who are willing to help secure our schools.

Our schools are soft targets.  

They contain our most valuable possession – our children, the future of our country – and must be protected.  

(3/4)"
58,"I will be working to create a certification process that allows former military members to go through school security training and become available to school districts throughout the country.  

(2/4)"
59,"We have hundreds of thousands of well-trained former military members who could bring a lot to the table in terms of school security.  

ROTC instructors with firearms training should be allowed to possess weapons to enhance school security.  

(1/4)"
60,"I also stand ready to work across the aisle to find common ground - something that was absent from President Biden’s address to the nation.

(2/2)"
61,"I stand ready to vote on ALL the proposals mentioned by President Biden tonight and encourage the Democratic Leader to bring them forward for votes.

(1/2)"
62,"There is an element in Russia, controlled by Putin, that is hell-bent on recreating the Russian empire and rewriting the map of Europe.  
 
It is imperative Russia is stopped in Ukraine."
63,"To those who believe that Russian ambitions are limited only to #Ukraine️, recent statements by Russian Duma officials and others on state-run TV saying Poland is next should be taken seriously.  

https://t.co/xnCTKM62z3"
64,"The more severe the punishment and consequences to the Russian people for this misadventure by Putin, the more likely over time Putin will go."
65,"Maintaining flows to the pipelines is disappointing, but over time I hope that can be corrected.
 
Putin’s desire to dismember Ukraine must be stopped now."
66,"Very pleased to see the European Union take a step to break their dependence on Russian oil and gas.  

It appears the EU understands this is a tipping point for the future of Europe and Putin can no longer be appeased.
 
https://t.co/KH2hdE5G1T"
67,"We must give Ukraine the tools to not only fight but to win! 
 
Putin’s Russia is truly a state sponsor of terrorism and should be designated as such."
68,"It is clear Ukraine is determined to fight for their freedom and to protect the sovereignty of their nation.  

They deserve our support."
69,"The idea more sophisticated weapons would be ‘escalatory’ is hard to accept given the fact Putin’s forces are using savage tactics to decimate Ukraine.  

If we do not stop Putin in Ukraine, this war only gets bigger over time."
70,"Hopefully, over time, it will help Ukraine break the Russian offensive in the east.  
 
The United States cannot let Putin dictate the terms of our support."
71,"I hope the Biden Administration reconsiders its decision to not send MLRSs (Multiple Launch Rocket System) to Ukraine.  

This weapon system will give Ukraine additional capability to hit Russian forces from a longer distance.  

https://t.co/zfK3X9eGT6"
72,"Just finished watching @navalny.  

A truly compelling documentary that every Member of Congress should watch to understand Putin’s Russia and the bravery of the Russian opposition forces.

https://t.co/VZlY4jAwe6 https://t.co/GTXf37oafL"
73,"Apparently, once again the Biden Administration is intimidated by Russian rhetoric.  

This is another terrible day in the continuing travesty of Biden’s foreign policy."
74,"The Biden Administration’s decision not to send these weapons is a betrayal of #Ukraine️ and democracy itself. 
 
Ukraine is not asking for American soldiers - just advanced weapons to protect and defend themselves from Putin’s invasion. 
  
https://t.co/zxeSGJJpHq"
75,"As for me, I will try to be a better American in honor of those who gave their lives to ensure I keep the rights I possess today.  

We all owe that to those brave Americans we remember this #MemorialDay."
76,The hard truth is there will be future conflicts and Americans will be forced to make the ultimate sacrifice in order for America to maintain its freedom.
77,"Throughout America, in towns and cities large and small, monuments exist in honor of those who gave their lives in service of our nation."
78,"We pick our leaders, not have them imposed on us. We choose our own destiny and enjoy virtually unlimited freedoms.  In the terrorists’ world, these freedoms should not exist."
79,"I am reminded from my travels around the world where groups like al-Qaeda, ISIS, and other terrorist organizations operate.   They hate our way of life because we can choose how to worship God, if we worship at all."
80,"America is the place where people from all over the world – different backgrounds, languages, and cultures – come together to form a strong nation based on enduring values: the right to pick one's leaders, right to speak one's mind, right to fail, get up and start all over again."
81,"If we want to maintain our freedoms and our way of life, we should recommit ourselves to the American experience, which is the most unique on the planet. We must also realize that freedom is not guaranteed and is always just one generation away from being lost."
82,The best thing we can do to honor the sacrifice of those lost in the service to our country is to ensure America remains a very special place worth dying for.
83,"While we should all cherish our ability to be our own captain in charting our destiny, we should also recognize we are all in this together."
84,"No matter if you are a conservative, liberal, moderate or politically agnostic, it is important for all of us to remember our differences are made possible by being a free people with independent thoughts and actions."
85,"They never fully enjoyed the experiences that come with a long life – celebrating children, grandchildren, and life experiences with family and friends.  For them, all was lost."
86,"Throughout American history, young men and women have gone to faraway places to fight for freedom and to protect American interests.

Over the course of our nation's history hundreds of thousands of Americans have died in these conflicts, most of them in the prime of their lives."
87,"Unlike Veterans Day, which is a celebration of those who have served our nation in uniform, Memorial Day is a somber occasion to remember the sacrifice made by those who never made it home."
88,"America remains a very divided nation.  However, if you are looking for something to bring us together, you need to look no further than Memorial Day itself."
89,Memorial Day is a unique holiday on the American calendar. It is a solemn and sacred day that we remember and pay homage to the military members who have made the ultimate sacrifice.
90,"I will stay on top of this and work to give Ukraine the tools they need to defend and protect their homeland.
 
Unfortunately, still some in Biden Administration resistant to the idea of a Ukraine victory over Russia as too provocative!"
91,"Give Ukraine the rocket system and other weapons they need to take the fight to Russia.  
 
I’m hoping there is a breakthrough soon at the Pentagon on this issue."
92,"Apparently, providing Ukraine this new capability creates concerns among some in the Biden Administration that it will be seen as provocative and escalatory in the eyes of Putin.  
 
It is time to stop Putin from dictating the actions of the free world."
93,"So frustrated.  

The Biden Administration has been dragging their feet on Ukraine’s request for long range weapons like the Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS) which have longer range than Howitzers and the ability to hit Russian forces in the east. 
 
https://t.co/G7aCH9c77k"
94,"Senate Judiciary Committee executive meeting this morning on the nomination of South Carolina's Michelle Childs to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia.

Judge Childs just passed through committee by a vote of 17-5."
95,"I completely support President Zelensky’s determination to liberate all of Ukraine from Russian occupation.
 
The last thing we need is for political leaders to put pressure on Ukraine to capitulate to Putin.
 
https://t.co/hUdlbwUICR"
96,"Now questioning Director Wray.

WATCH:
https://t.co/RLLCCBCx3E"
97,"Questioning FBI Director Wray in the Senate Appropriations Committee in just a few minutes.  

WATCH:
https://t.co/RLLCCBCx3E"
98,"@GaRepublicans In Georgia, EVERY vote matters!"
99,"@GaRepublicans Governor Kemp has delivered for Georgia and he must defeat Stacey Abrams -- one of the most radical liberal candidates to ever seek office in Georgia.  

The stakes are high and all Republicans need to united behind Governor Kemp, Herschel Walker, and the entire Republican team."
