Unnamed: 0,Text
0,RT @JoseForFlorida: Bye 👋 https://t.co/oS772Zzjuo
1,To all my brothers and sisters Happy Veterans Day!
2,RT @Timmy_Gibbs73: https://t.co/4pZ1sHSVGd
3,https://t.co/w2KwDWJXiG
4,Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Easter. He is risen!
5,RT @ChrisStigall: Joe Biden ran a campaign no one attended.  Rallies no one attended.  A convention no one attended. A “victory” party no o…
6,https://t.co/etTSW8HqlI
7,Happy Birthday Jesus! Wishing everyone a safe Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
8,https://t.co/mRT7JlOPm3
9,Don't forget to vote today!
10,Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump . When you're in Oklahoma on the 20th you're invited to my homemade ice cream meet and greet. 39900 Hazel Dell Rd in Shawnee. Michael Ballard for Congress.
11,"As American citizens we have the right to peacefully protest. We don't have the right to loot, attack people, set fires, block streets and act worse than animals. It's past time to take back our country."
12,"If you value Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness then vote for Michael Ballard. https://t.co/sx4WUEavoH"
13,"All gave some and some gave all. May we never forget our fallen heroes. Freedom isn't free, it was paid for in blood."
14,"The government should not pick winners and losers in the business world, it should be up to the consumer."
15,Planned parenthood recieved 80 million in aid for the virus. This is an outrage. When I am in Congress I will never vote to give anything to the killing factory.
16,Today is Armed Forces Day. May GOD bless each and everyone of them.
17,"Today is Good Friday. Jesus said if we deny him to the world, he would deny us to his HOLY FATHER! He is Risen!"
18,"Something to think about. Thieving and power hungry politicians are arresting honest Americans and releasing criminals, all in the name of keeping us safe. Remember this when you go vote."
19,Since some elected officials are issuing orders to stay home to save lives. I call on them to issue a order to stop abortions. That would save more lives.
20,Today is Medal Of Honor Day. Thank GOD for these heroes!
21,https://t.co/zC1gx1BJLK
22,"@Dingus_Khann @DavidHillOK @CongressLandon @miles4ok5 @JanetBarresiOK @MeridethVansant @stephaniebice @NeeseForOK5 For one thing, they should not be adding a bunch of worthless pork spending to the bills that are supposed to help those affected by the virus. The government should also remove a lot of red tape and let the private sector help as well as non profit organizations."
23,"To everyone that keeps saying President Trump is still impeached, guess what he is still your president. Lol"
24,"Well sleepy Joe put his rat claws on a guy, cussed him, told a lady to shut up, and when the guy told him he would work for us senile Joe said he wouldn't work for us. What a moron!"
25,In the Army I lived by the code of DUTY Honor Country and I will live by that code in Congress.
26,https://t.co/w46B2NAgRm
27,"I hear rinos on the campaign trail say that they will reach across party lines and compromise. I will never compromise with a bunch of socialist, that want to destroy our country."
28,"So let me get this straight... the socialist party that wants to control everything, can't even run their own caucus."
29,https://t.co/3Ao7yYoZYN
30,@TSHIRTSFLORIDA Cool designs!
31,https://t.co/0ymo4Ue3mt
32,It's beyond disgusting that the fake news is comparing the death of a terrorist to Elvis and Princess Diana. And they wonder why we call them fake news.
33,It's a sad day when every socialist in our country is supporting Iran and other terrorist groups.
34,"Nancy Pelosi has said she wants President Trump to give the entire Congress a full briefing on Iran. Give me a break, there is so many traitors in Congress. They would sell us out in a heartbeat."
35,@IlhanMN I'm sorry one of your friends was killed.
36,Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year. Don't forget our troops in harms way and the first responders.
37,Is there any part of the Bill Of Rights or Bible that the socialist like?
38,Listening to Michael Ballard for Congress by The Mike Essen Show https%3A%2F%https://t.co/X9EsOzaX1N%2Fmikeessenshow%2F2019%2F12%2F26%2Fmichael-ballard-for-congress%23.XgVB8yioZIQ.twitter
39,Wishing everyone a safe and a Merry Christmas. Remember our military that are far from home and their loved ones.
40,https://t.co/RNF5VMHGRB
41,"Kendra Horn just committed to voting yes on impeachment. It's way past time for her to go, please donate to my campaign so I can look her in the eye in November and tell her she's fired."
42,My campaign ad paid for by friends for Michael Ballard for Congress. https://t.co/T1k9GkjbCf
43,https://t.co/X1CvfB98lI
44,Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving. Don't forget our military and first responders that are working to.
45,During the socialist debate last night they were talking about it wasn't enough to go after and get rid of President Trump. They were wanting to do the same to all of his supporters. Talk about sick and twisted.
46,"As a combat veteran, I applaud President Trump for pardoning the two army officers and restoring the rank of the navy seal. We should not be sending our troops to prison for fighting during a battle."
47,I have never received a job from a poor person or a struggling company.  Every time taxes are raised and regulations are added it hurts the economy.
48,I would like to wish everyone that has worn the uniform a Happy Veterans Day .
49,Happy Birthday to The United States Marine Corps.
50,"I would rather have a President that gets results that don't act traditional, than have a traditional President that doesn't get results."
51,"The Constitution, Bill Of Rights, the forgotten men and women, tax payers, freedom loving Americans, the unborn, and the great people of Oklahoma need and deserve and ally in congress and I will be that ally."
52,When you get a chance please go check out my Face Book Campaign Page Michael Ballard for Congress 2020 and my website.
53,"Giving the government more power is like giving a teenager a case of beer, a bottle of whiskey and the keys to a new car and telling them to have fun. Nothing good will come from it."
54,@XArmandKleinX That looks really cool.
55,Our meet and greet was a great success. There was about 60 people there. Everyone enjoyed the speech and the steak dinner. We raised some money and had 4 people that wants to host a meet and greet for our campaign.
56,"No child under the age of 18 should have their gender changed. If that is not child abuse, then I don't know what abuse is. When I am elected, I will fight to get a bill passed to stop that madness."
57,"@realDonaldTrump President Trump, thank you for everything you are doing in making our nation great again. When you win next year and I win my Congressional 5th district race in Oklahoma, we both will fight to keep America great. GOD Bless you!"
58,The Double Bar C Ranch 33236 HWY 39 Wanette will be hosting a meet and greet for my campaign for congress on November 1st. There will be a steak dinner. It will be from 6pm to 9pm. Bring all your freedom loving friends and family. Hope to see you there.
59,@ShondaWarren9 @RepKendraHorn I will fight to end their non profit status.
60,"I am running for congress for the 5th district in Oklahoma. I am a retired army veteran and a Republican. I am running for congress for the same reason I joined the army, to defend my country and the Constitution. Check out my website and Facebook campaign page. https://t.co/LTDhVKm1WS"
61,@realDonaldTrump President Trump thank you for everything you are doing. I am running for congress in Oklahoma District 5 and I am looking forward to working with you to keep America great. God bless you!
