Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Congratulations to the @Avalanche on winning the Stanley Cup! They #FoundAWay https://t.co/gbvXizhtpi
1,SCOTUS' radical decision to overturn Roe + destroy nearly 50 years of legal precedent makes clear we need to elect pro-choice majorities nationally + here in Colorado. I've never been more energized. Ready to get to work restoring these rights.
2,I had a great time marching in the Denver Pride Parade to celebrate LGBTQ+ Coloradans. We’ve come so far to achieve true equality and now that is all at risk. I will always work to protect these rights. #Pride2022 https://t.co/by2CTBi70b
3,The fight to restore a woman's right to make her own health care decisions begins today. I am furious about yesterday's Supreme Court decision and I will not stop fighting to ensure women nationwide have the right to choose whether or not to have an abortion.
4,We now find ourselves in this fight about what the fundamental values of the United States and our democracy are. We have no choice but to fight. We have to elect pro-choice majorities in the state of Colorado and we have to defeat my anti-choice opponents.
5,"Taking a break from the fight for game 5, then back to work. #GoAvsGo https://t.co/PRbelSrEPy"
6,"Today, I'm heartbroken for my daughters and every young woman who will grow up with a Supreme Court that doesn't recognize their fundamental right to choose. This is intolerable, and we have no choice but to fight back. I'm more motivated than ever to win this Senate election."
7,"RT @LauraChapin: Abortion remains legal in Colorado. If you have an appointment keep it. If you need an appointment, make one. #copolitics"
8,"The day we've feared for so long is here. SCOTUS just removed protections for the right to choose nationwide. We will not let the Court have the last word. We will protect a woman's right to make her own health care decisions, regardless of where she lives. #abortionishealthcare"
9,"Colorado caregivers, like Jenna, play a critical role in the lives of their loved ones, but they are getting paid incredibly poorly. I'm fighting to pass legislation that will help ease their financial burden. https://t.co/Iw89IX1TzU"
10,I believe getting money out of politics means leading by example. That's why I don't accept contributions from corporate PACs and federal lobbyists. Retweet if you agree with me.
11,We need to do everything we can to lower costs for Coloradans. That's why I'm pushing to temporarily suspend the federal gas tax and hold Big Oil accountable for making record profits while people struggle to pay their bills.
12,I voted to move this proposal forward and I will continue to do everything I can to make it into law. America's gun laws are long overdue for reform and we need to take these important first steps. https://t.co/5vBVUI7TlC
13,"I'm working to pass common sense gun reforms to make our communities safer. I refuse to let our next generation grow up with a reasonable fear of being shot at the grocery store, school, or movie theater."
14,I'm working to protect public lands in Gunnison County for future generations because strengthening Colorado's public lands and strengthening Colorado's economy go hand in hand.
15,Colorado's veterans have sacrificed so much for us and we need to make sure they're taken care of. I'm pleased there is a new VA facility for Northern Colorado and we're one step closer to ensuring veterans suffering from toxic exposure can get the care they need. #PACTact
16,"If you haven't received your ballot for our June 28th primary, contact your county clerk for more information. https://t.co/u6kuc2EaQ5"
17,"I've always believed our history has been a battle between humanity's highest ideals, and our worst impulses, in our case human slavery. #Juneteenth serves as a reminder for how far we have come, and how far we still have to go to reconcile with our nation's difficult past. https://t.co/D5yY1ggwHI"
18,"I'm working for Colorado families this Father's Day, and everyday, by pushing to make the expanded Child Tax Credit permanent, creating jobs, and lowering costs."
19,"Being Caroline, Halina, and Anne's father is the honor of my lifetime. Happy Father's Day to fathers and father figures celebrating today. If you lost a father figure this year, my thoughts are with you. https://t.co/r9DnLOhfxO"
20,Avs shutout game 2! #GoAvsGo
21,"The 2 largest reservoirs in the West are at historically low levels and our agricultural community is suffering as a result. I am committed to finding solutions to the water crisis, so that future generations don't grow up in an unrecognizable Western US. https://t.co/XhkUAJdPpk"
22,Join me at the #Juneteenth parade tomorrow at 10:30am at Manual High School in Denver. I look forward to seeing you there! Click here to let us know you'll be there: https://t.co/KEHv4aGy4J
23,I refuse to accept that the poorest people in America are our children. That's why I'm working to make the expanded Child Tax Credit permanent. https://t.co/MULz3fuVvY
24,"I'm working to transition Colorado to a clean energy economy. From electric vehicle charging stations to expanding solar and wind energy, I've passed measures to increase renewable energy and fight climate change in Colorado."
25,Avs win game 1! #GoAvsGo
26,"Thanks to universal vote-by-mail (thanks @Hickenlooper!), Coloradans can vote between now and primary election day on June 28th. Check your ballot status, registration, and more here: https://t.co/xk7bKqFuRV https://t.co/rmbfe7lTIa"
27,"I never imagined the Supreme Court could overturn Roe v. Wade in my lifetime. I will keep working to protect a woman's right to make her own health care decisions.

These choices should be left between a woman and her doctor, not the government."
28,I'm working to make this happen. This common sense proposal is an important first step in addressing the epidemic of gun violence in our country and protecting our communities. https://t.co/jf71fdIZm2
29,"Coloradans know too well the devastating effects of climate change. We all deserve to breathe clean air, which is why I am working to improve air quality throughout our state and pass my legislation to reduce the risk of wildfires. https://t.co/g25S8mSeK6"
30,I'm the only Senator running for re-election who isn't taking a cent from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists because getting big money out of  politics starts with leading by example.
31,"I'm still fighting to cap the out-of-pocket price of insulin at $35/month. Nobody should have to choose between paying for groceries or paying for life-saving medicine.

Retweet if you agree with me."
32,"6 years ago today, a gunman killed 49 people at Pulse nightclub. In their memory, I am committed to building a nation free of hate and gun violence. #pulse"
33,"Ballots for the primary election on June 28th are being mailed to voters across Colorado right now. Check your voter registration status, and confirm your address here: https://t.co/xk7bKqnTtl"
34,"This #PrideMonth, it's important to acknowledge how far we've come, but also how much work we have left to do. That's why I'm fighting to pass the #EqualityAct which will protect the LGBTQ community from discrimination."
35,I'm working to ban elected officials from trading stocks and prevent them from ever becoming lobbyists. This is how we start to fix a broken Washington.
36,"I am outraged that special interests and partisan obstruction have stopped us from passing common sense gun reform, like universal background checks. I won't stop fighting to end gun violence in America."
37,"I fight for YOU, not corporate special interests. Will you chip in whatever you can before our pre-primary fundraising deadline tonight at midnight? https://t.co/Xf9rDYCGoI"
38,"I'm fighting to fix a broken Washington, starting with the influence of Big Money. That's why I'm the only Senator running for re-election who isn't taking a cent from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists."
39,"Colorado's outdoor spaces are one of the many things that make our state great. That's why I'm fighting to protect our public lands for future generations, including my new proposal to conserve some of Gunnison County's most beautiful areas."
40,It's time to regulate the digital platforms that hold great power over our economy and our democracy. That's why I'm fighting to create a commission to keep big tech accountable.
41,Congratulations on making it to the Stanley Cup Finals! Looking for these? 🧹🧹🧹@Avalanche? #GoAvsGo
42,"The expanded Child Tax Credit kept nearly 4 million kids out of poverty last year. I'm fighting to make it permanent, so our next generation of innovators and leaders aren't burdened by poverty before they've had a chance to succeed."
43,"Today is the anniversary of D-Day. I want to thank the brave Americans who fought for democracy on the beaches of Normandy, as well as those who supported their efforts from afar. May their sacrifices never be forgotten."
44,"From personal experience, I know how early cancer detection can make all of the difference.

I'm fighting to pass my bill to allow Medicare beneficiaries to access the latest, breakthrough diagnostic technologies. 

#NationalCancerSurvivorsDay"
45,"I can't think of a better place to celebrate #NationalTrailsDay than Colorado.

I'm fighting in the Senate to protect our public lands so everyone can enjoy the outdoors.

Whether you're hiking, biking, or horseback riding, I hope you're able to enjoy our trails today. https://t.co/h0iGmdhV8b"
46,"103 years ago today, Congress passed the 19th Amendment which gave women the right to vote. I won't stop fighting to expand ballot access and protect voting rights for every American."
47,It's unacceptable that partisan obstruction in Congress has prevented us from passing common sense gun legislation. #GunViolenceAwarenessDay is a grave reminder of the consequences of inaction. I won't stop fighting to end the gun violence epidemic in America. https://t.co/pUUmgpc46W
48,"28 years ago today, I went on a first date, it was a blind date set up by friends. We went to a Neville Brothers concert (her tickets, she likes to add), and the rest is history. https://t.co/JrI8ylqHN2"
49,"Colorado's outdoor spaces are central to who we are as a state and critical to our local economies. I'm working to protect public lands in Gunnison County from climate change and development, so that future generations can continue to enjoy these spaces. https://t.co/UKvcDGctsK"
50,"We do not have to accept that the poorest people in America are our children. That's why I'm still fighting to make the expanded Child Tax Credit permanent, which kept nearly 4 million kids out of poverty last year."
51,"It's #PrideMonth, Colorado, and today @HRC is joining our campaign. I see this as an acknowledgement of the work we're doing to achieve true equality and I'm so pleased to have them with us. https://t.co/txm9vPZsxI"
52,"We passed legislation that will support infrastructure projects across Colorado, including a new water tank in Minturn, a new courthouse in Craig, and critical road repairs throughout the Western Slope, Front Range, and Eastern Plains."
53,Our end-of-month fundraising deadline is tonight. This race will likely come down to the wire. Can you chip in and keep extremists out of the Senate? https://t.co/80uvnkwpQ0
54,I'm working to cap the out-of-pocket price of insulin at $35/month because no one should have to choose between rent and life-saving medicine. Retweet if you agree with me.
55,"I fought for funding to build Northern Colorado's new Veterans Affairs center, which will provide veterans with high quality mental health care, physical therapy, and outpatient services. After all they've sacrificed for us, this is the kind of care America's veterans deserve."
56,I want to take a moment this holiday to remember the lives lost in the line of duty. Thank you to these brave individuals and their families for making the ultimate sacrifice for our country. https://t.co/y81yrIjnmT
57,"Droughts across the West are becoming more severe as a result of climate change, and Colorado's small businesses are suffering as a result. I'm fighting to transition Colorado to a clean energy economy, and to mitigate the effects of drought. https://t.co/sF85LFtEvN"
58,"The Expanded Child Tax Credit kept nearly 4 million kids out of poverty last year. I'm fighting to make it permanent, and to end childhood poverty in America."
59,"My oldest daughter was born just months after Columbine. Now, she's an adult, and the kids at Columbine High School that day have children of their own. I won't stop fighting to end the gun violence epidemic in our country."
60,"19 kids and 2 teachers were killed in Texas yesterday, just 10 days after 10 were killed in Buffalo. Colorado knows this pain too well. We in the Senate need to overcome partisan division and take action to end gun violence. https://t.co/3KCP3rthVB"
61,The Russian government has officially sanctioned me for my work to support Ukraine but I won't stop fighting to protect the Ukrainian democracy (and ours) and to hold Putin and his allies accountable.
62,"I fought for the Bipartisan Infrastructure Act which has given Colorado massive funding to start projects this summer that will bring road and bridge repairs, public transportation, and internet infrastructure to communities around our state."
63,"On #COpubliclandsday, I'm thinking back to last year when it was warm enough to go hiking. I'm still working to protect Colorado's public lands for future generations, in spite of the weather. https://t.co/uZxO3xZssN"
64,"29 years ago today, our government made it easier to register to vote. A democracy functions best when everyone's voice is heard, which is why I am fighting to make it easier to register to vote, and to ban partisan gerrymandering https://t.co/LWFH1ezelo"
65,The Senate voted to pass our bipartisan legislation to ensure Colorado's most vulnerable families can buy baby formula. I won't stop fighting to improve supply chain issues across the state.
66,"With reproductive freedom under attack, I'm standing up to protect a woman's right to make her own health care decisions. Today, @coloractionfund is recognizing my work and endorsing our campaign. It means a lot, but we still have work to do. Join us: https://t.co/qwwEJlnMyJ https://t.co/iR2tQ3VJh0"
67,"Today, the Senate delivered critical aid to Ukraine with bipartisan support. Putin and his oligarchs bear direct responsibility for the atrocities being committed in Ukraine, and must be held accountable."
68,One of the darkest moments in our nation's history was the internment of Japanese-Americans during World War Two. I fought to pass legislation adding Amache to the National Park System because acknowledging our past is the only appropriate way to move forward. #AAPIHM
69,This is an important step for Starbucks employees. Colorado's food service workers deserve a safe workplace and fair compensation. https://t.co/qQTK5i3sMO
70,"Colorado's public lands are one of my favorite things about our state, with great activities for all four seasons. Summer camping is right around the corner. Reply below with your favorite spots in Colorado! https://t.co/UlKlBl11Lb"
71,I've introduced a bill to hold Big Tech accountable. It's time for a comprehensive approach to regulating the digital platforms that hold great power over our economy and our democracy. https://t.co/RP1EjwIZha
72,"I won't stop fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own health care decisions. Colorado successfully codified a woman's right to choose earlier this year, and now Washington must follow suit."
73,"My legislation will help close the digital divide for the roughly 85,000 Coloradans who have poor internet access or currently lack it, and make sure Coloradans in underserved areas can fully participate in our 21st century economy."
74,"Our kids live in the shadow of gun violence every day. That's why I am working to create a way to track these tragedies, so that we can learn how to better prevent them, and so that American children are free from the threat of gun violence."
75,"Families across the country are struggling to find baby formula and feed their kids. I'm pushing formula manufacturers to explore every possible avenue to resolve the supply chain crisis, so kids get the nourishment they need. https://t.co/A5RU7Dp4il"
76,Many members of Colorado's Vietnamese-American community came to our state as refugees of the Vietnam War looking for a better life. I'm working to make sure people fleeing violence have the same opportunities to build a life here. #AAPIHM https://t.co/1SNFdEmAiU
77,"As we transition from coal to clean energy, we can't let Colorado communities get left behind. I'm working with local leaders across the state to make sure we don't leave communities behind as we transition to clean energy."
78,"I am deeply disappointed that we did not codify the right to choose today. We cannot go back to a time when a woman couldn't make her own healthcare choices, and I won't stop fighting to protect reproductive rights."
79,"Today, I will vote to codify the right to choose. A woman's health care choices should be between herself and her doctor, not the government."
80,I received an A+ rating from @StopBigMoney for my work to combat corruption and expand voting rights. I won't stop fighting to strengthen voting rights and to reduce money's influence on our politics. That's why I'm not taking donations from corporate PACs or federal lobbyists. https://t.co/VaRjaJgpsX
81,Congratulations to the @Avalanche for sweeping the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs! #GoAvsGo https://t.co/AUVypGEgL3
82,I'm working to ban elected officials from trading stocks and preventing them from ever becoming lobbyists. This is how we start to fix a broken Washington.
83,"I secured funding to expand Colorado's electric vehicle charging network to help our transition to a clean energy economy and improve Colorado's air quality. I won't stop fighting to modernize our electric grid, and to bring more renewable energy jobs to Colorado."
84,"It should be easier for moms and mother figures to raise their kids, which is why I won't stop fighting to make the expanded Child Tax Credit, which kept nearly 4 million kids out of poverty last year, permanent. #MothersDay"
85,Wishing a happy #MothersDay to all moms and mother figures celebrating today. I'm so grateful to have Susan as my partner in raising our three girls. My own mom made immense sacrifices to help me succeed in life and I'm grateful for that every day. https://t.co/GDxAx8WLUA
86,"The Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v. Wade will return us to a time when women faced risks to their lives because they couldn’t make their own health care choices. I won't stop fighting to keep these personal decisions between doctors and patients, not the government. https://t.co/0cvJdh1rew"
87,My time as superintendent of Denver Public Schools has shaped every day of my work as a Senator. This #TeacherAppreciationWeek I'd like to share a little bit about my personal connection with our nation's educators. https://t.co/FHOMrcbuZJ
88,I'm working to ban elected officials from trading stocks and prevent them from ever becoming lobbyists. This is how we start to fix a broken Washington.
89,Nobody should have to decide between buying groceries or buying insulin. That's why I won't stop fighting to cap the out-of-pocket cost of insulin at $35/month.
90,"“Not flashy but gets the job done” is what I’m going for.

Watch my whole conversation about Roe here: https://t.co/ia1PS4UaCr https://t.co/wJrkmW1Haq"
91,"I think we could all use a bit of levity this week. May the force be with you, Colorado. #MayThe4thBeWithYou https://t.co/aWhRI7KcR1"
92,"My team joined the Colorado women who, earlier this year, fought to  and successfully protected a woman's right to make her own health care decisions yesterday. I'm fighting to make sure Washington follows Colorado's example. https://t.co/u3H0Apokbb"
93,"I’m still quarantining with Covid. In my absence, my team came out to stand with the Colorado women who led the way enshrining the right to choose in Colorado law. https://t.co/f7Ac00m6YL"
94,"A new fight for reproductive freedom begins now, and we have to wage it with the same intensity and precision that the right-wing has fought with for decades. https://t.co/JwCMQcihqg"
95,If the draft released today reflects the Court’s decision to overturn Roe it will drag us back to a time when women faced horrific risks to their lives because they didn’t have the freedom to make their own health care choices. We need to fight to enshrine this fundamental right. https://t.co/MJZNvGum0P
96,"Colorado's great outdoor spaces are one of the many reasons I think we live in the best state, along with how easy it is to register to vote, and our high voter turnout. That's why I'm still working to pass the CORE Act to protect 400,000 acres of public land in Colorado. https://t.co/1PbTfdmArq"
97,"I'm fighting to expand access to affordable housing across Colorado. My work in the Senate will help move forward affordable housing projects in Denver, Durango, Craig, and many more communities throughout our state"
98,"Yesterday, I tested positive for COVID-19. Thankfully, I am only experiencing minor symptoms. I encourage all Coloradans to get vaccinated and boosted to protect themselves and their families from this virus."
99,"Since the early 1900s, a small Japanese community has existed in Costilla County. The community grew as farmers moved from California, and grew large enough to build a Buddhist temple. Overcoming racism during World War Two, the community reestablished itself after the war. https://t.co/ZcEzL5lYk4"
