Unnamed: 0,Text
0,https://t.co/ihMlJAXMS6
1,"RT @MikeForBuffalo: 35 million workers hired at 

50,000$ salary 

Would cost

1.75 trillion dollars

Less than the cost of the CARES Act…"
2,"Are public schools ever going to reopen or is the plan to have children ages 5-17 sit alone on IPads 6 hours per day? 

Our household is getting close to breaking point with remote school. See very little advantage to this over homeschool. Is that the point?"
3,https://t.co/oBhlDMb7uU
4,pass the stimulus
5,RT @Colleen_Giblin: NY State residents: have you requested your absentee ballot yet? You’ve got until OCT 27 to do so online or by mail! Du…
6,"https://t.co/wHQ6HAGthC

When your 30,000$ freezer is full of $15 pints of ice cream, you cant blithely write off a compromise.

Make a deal"
7,https://t.co/G0tCnfENQ4
8,RT @MikeForBuffalo: The House Democrat approved CARES ACT passed a 4 trillion$ slush fund for wall street and ignored state and local gover…
9,"Bernie lost because he did not wage ruthless political war against Dem sacred cows, like Trump did. Trump absolutely CLOWNED Jeb, Rubio, McCain, Romney etc.

Bernie is not a fighter, hes a vapor that expanded to fill a vacuum. The lack of alternative drives us mad."
10,"The majority of supreme court decisions are unanimous 9-0.... Just like the big questions for the US ruling class are bi-partisan like the worlds largest military budget, the War in Iraq, the CARES ACT, the 2008 bank bailouts, the gig economy, hands off silicon valley etc"
11,If you're invested in the Supreme Court debate you are permanently stuck within the red team blue team loser politics and might never escape.
12,"https://t.co/9bVzwuFGbx

we want the deal Hunter got in Ukraine"
13,"RT @madelksta: @matthewstoller @rcwhalen ""In the 2016-17 term, 57 percent of decisions were unanimous""
https://t.co/hBUemUSe5Y"
14,"RT @matthewstoller: RBG and Scalia were not ideological opponents. I'm so sick of this fantasy narrative. They disagreed on a lot, but they…"
15,"by the thousands on Grand Island in opposition to a massive warehouse on the small town. 

Good for Grand Island standing up to mega development."
16,"Telling story in BuffaloNews today about 'missing out' on a massive Amazon warehouse on Grand Island.

The people disappointed? Some rich business development dealmaker at Phillip's Lytle one of areas biggest law firms and Mark Poloncarz. 

They were 'stunned' -"
17,https://t.co/6JlnS0vb1J
18,"https://t.co/mAmZ45oSAr

The progressive coalition keeps growing !!!!!"
19,The left loves the FBI when it suits their purposes
20,"https://t.co/KgDXN9kYze

well if Jamie Dimon is on board"
21,CARES ACT=Austerity by Omission
22,"We needed an FDR, we got another Dennis Kucinich"
23,"theres nothing political left to say. the 'Bernie movement' which I took as a basis for running has dissolved into the ether

the entire Bernie movement is riding in the clown car caboose of the Democrat party. 

literally nothing Bernie has ever advocated is going to happen"
24,"RT @ajamubaraka: According to Harris the democrats will never ban fracking and fossil fuels, will escalate tensions with Russia &amp; China&amp; de…"
25,https://t.co/InQe9hteCs
26,Kamala Harris seems to enjoy saying Joe Biden will not ban fracking
27,From Bernie or Bust to Biden in 15 seconds flat
28,There has been basically no urgency on any matter from Congress since the CARES ACT where they gave 6 trillion to corporations
29,"Glad to see the President move forward despite covid. We cant stay sequestered in our basements for the next three years. 

It's time to reopen the schools and get back on with life. 

We are permanently damaging children by isolating them on laptops, kept from each other."
30,"Trump paid $750 in taxes for a year. 

Elon Musk paid $1 to rent a $950 million factory paid for by New York State called the SolarCity Riberben factory. 

Nothing will change by rewarding the Democrats for their record over the past 50 years

They have and will do nothing good"
31,"https://t.co/AJSirHLmUm

this is why voting is so important 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣"
32,"RT @lhfang: The stimulus to rescue the covid economy had a provision that lifted the cap on real estate depreciation offsets, so almost eve…"
33,Joe Biden IS THE DEMOCRAT PARTY. Could not have said it better myself.
34,https://t.co/M6hoBOFwQj
35,"Trump Trump Trump, we hate Trump but love our local Trumps (developers). 

We hate tax cheats but we work hard to roll out the carpet for Jeff Bezos and Amazon. 

We hate sham economics but we want a 2nd convention center, for the burgeoning junket market https://t.co/Sty4WS4wOG"
36,Government incompetence is letting bond traders amass obscene fortunes https://t.co/esZo869OTw
37,"whatever happens this November, stay out of the streets. dont be a foot soldier for big banks and the CIA"
38,"https://t.co/rA8uJxesXV

wow where did they get this footage!!!!"
39,Dont piss on my head and tell me it's raining. Dont do a Buffalo billion project 'for Buffalo' and just give Elon Musk a free factory.
40,Joe Biden is the reason Donald Trump DOESN'T HAVE to pay taxes
41,"@RiderOfKarma @CongressKate Buffalo nationalism is identifying as someone who lives in Buffalo and developing an economic program for the benefit for all of the people who live in Buffalo, not Amazon, not tesla, not casinos, convention centers, hotels etc"
42,@CongressKate @RiderOfKarma full employment climate conservation corps. that's the entire platform. it's been my pinned tweet. that's my platform
43,@CongressKate @RiderOfKarma is your platform to keep the schools closed??
44,@CongressKate your platform is let's keep the school closed?
45,@RiderOfKarma @my2meows @HarryRBurger @MrDunes @Greenfield4NY19 @CongressKate @4aPeoplesParty Hey vote Biden. Vote Higgins. I dont care. Just dont whine that John Flynn is running unopposed.
46,"@RiderOfKarma @my2meows @HarryRBurger @MrDunes @Greenfield4NY19 @CongressKate @4aPeoplesParty We have been limited due to covid but on the ballot. 

Im not asking for money. Havent done so since April, just a vote to dissent from what the Democrats are doing. 6 trillion in corporate bailouts in the CARES ACT. SolarCity free factory for Elon Musk."
47,"For what its worth the Dem party solely serves the free trading global capitalist interest. If siding with them is part of the resistance, it's a matter of branding. 

Capitalism can create the concept of cool and attach it to consumer items, manufacture desire. Same w voting"
48,"A trade war with China would stand a better chance of success if America put it's best minds towards a coordinated, long term strategy focused on raising American wages, producing critical items here, and focusing on the health and wellbeing of the
people and land."
49,Trumps 'trade war' with China may or may not be successful but the fact is that corporations do not want trade wars (competition between countries on nationalist terms) corporations favor free trade agreements because they get to move production where labor is cheapest
50,yeah let's talk about a corporate business attorney claiming working class status https://t.co/4XiMCuC8Ey
51,@RiderOfKarma @my2meows @HarryRBurger @MrDunes @Greenfield4NY19 @CongressKate @4aPeoplesParty Respect for the peoples party. Please vote for me vs Brian Higgins.
52,RT @TimHBuffalo: @markpoloncarz Shouldnt the health comissioner be a salaried position not eligible for overtime?
53,"https://t.co/tKYUYsp8it

Preach Sir Charles"
54,@markpoloncarz @DanRather He did a bang up job on that George Bush airforce story in '04
55,When are the Buffalo public schools going to resume in person classes?
56,"I didnt need COVID 19 to know a new 700$million convention center in Buffalo was a lunatic idea. Corruption will never go away, but it would be nice to see some public benefit from the open graft. Guys, build something great so when you're long gone we have a warm memory of you."
57,Erie County hired 'experts' to develop a plan for a second convention center. These experts are known as consultants and they get paid tax money to give our elected official/local developer complex the cover to propose more construction boondoggles.
58,How is that second convention center coming sir? https://t.co/sWmNL7rM8V
59,I wonder what no-show job Hunter Biden will get this time?
60,"which will delegitimize the election results is the intent of the Dems, because they are proceeding as if campaigning/the candidate/ the platform does not matter. A win by way of Iowa caucus or Juan Guiado or Evo Morales seems to be the modus operandi."
61,"The Democrats are engineering a fiasco by insisting on mail in votes that will be counted long after election night. 

For the sake of avoiding violence and a free for all, mail in votes should be tallied no later than election day. 

It seems to me that creating conditions-"
62,when is lockdown going to end?
63,"https://t.co/lxX9ShVO6X

L O L. Nina Turner is a lobbyist now. Oh my God we are so dumb. 

BERNIE OR BUST!!!

Yah, it looks pretty busted to me"
64,"Abolish the great Pacific garbage patch. Whew, that was easy"
65,"The CARES ACT was Brian Higgins taking the pandemic seriously. 6 trillion for corporations, $1200 for the average Bill, and zero for state and local governments. https://t.co/vqbDnIVx5X"
66,@RepBrianHiggins why doesn't the US have the capacity to manufacture n95 masks
67,"Ultimately it's not that the court created this power for corporations, it merely served as the legal legitimization for the power dynamic preferred by the ruling class."
68,has never been identified as one of the problematic cases to overturn. Corporations are created pursuant to state law providing for their exisistance. Thus corporations are rightly subordinate to state authority. But Santa Clara grants corporations inalienable rights like people.
69,"The biggest piece of precedent in American legal history was Santa Clara County v Southern Pacific Railroad. The Supreme Court decided without justification that the 14th Amendment applied to corporations as people, which is total bullshit. But -"
70,"People really need to shut up about the Supreme Court. You dont know what it does, you dont read legal cases or decisions, you dont know the history of it as an institution. Honestly, neither do I. But I'll spare you from pretending that I do."
71,when is the lockdown going to end? when are schools going to re-open?
72,@JoeBiden vote for a president who doesn't forget. go to Joe three oh three three oh to learn more
73,"https://t.co/4NZzugGesL

Normalize the deligitimation of election night results and dementia addled manchurian candidates"
74,all options are on the table. they might even nominate a decent candidate for president next time. https://t.co/OrghNosibi
75,"Stop getting in fights with family over politics. Blood is thicker than water. Further atomising our society because orange man bad is not woke or righteous, it makes us collectively weaker. Dont let the cretins above code you onto the red and blue pawns to fight their battles."
76,"In 2016 Trump (plus Gary Johnson) got more votes than Hillary (plus Jill Stein) but Dems have blamed Greens, Russia, Comey and everything else for the failure of their politics. They offer nothing but moral blackmail and treat 'their voters' like property. https://t.co/0JJvdtGciI"
77,Dont get suckered into a battle in the streets for the MasterCard man
78,"But they are preparing the country to get ready for a three month long vote counting process for the November election. Give me a fucking break. 

Mail in ballots need to be tallied and counted to be included in the results the night of."
79,"The Democrats slammed the door shut on their primary this year, insisting on holding their own superspreader events (in person voting in Illinois, Fla, Wisc etc) at the height of the COVID outbreak, tried to remove Bernie from the NY ballot, and have kicked greens off Wisc and PA"
80,"American leadership have traded the ability to produce for the ability to consume, on credit and the strength of the petroleum dollar.

They have eroded every competitive advantage for the US by letting corporations and finance strip mine the society built generations ago."
81,"Buffalo congressman John LaFalce pleaded with the Reagan administration to come up with an industrial policy to protect American manufacturing jobs in steel and other fundamental industries. 

40 years later we see the end result of a total lack of concern for domestic production"
82,"Hey look, @elonmusk is having a space meeting on Mars https://t.co/QpkDtaAU58"
83,"https://t.co/3ei1XTjrwk

When will in person schooling resume?"
84,"https://t.co/lEFtxatEQO

this is what Bernie surrendered to"
85,https://t.co/D0yxTAq7sl
86,"Private elementary schools are back for in person classes 5 days per week. 

Is the remote schooling a matter of safety or finance?"
87,"@JasonKnightPhD without a broader jobs program and localization proposal I dont think just selling off land to residents would do a lot because keeping the land up takes time and money that many dont have. 

but paired with a full employment jobs program built around regenerating land..."
88,@JasonKnightPhD fair enough
89,"@JasonKnightPhD referring to it as publicly owned mystifies the current reality, in my opinion because it will not change the city policy of holding the land for private developers"
90,We need new patronage system where every resident is a potential patron. This city owned land is a good long term source of security for people. And a source of insecurity in the city's (developers) hands. https://t.co/RzcNfa187D
91,"The City of Buffalo owns hundreds of acres of vacant residential land but does not make it available for sale to residents. If a developer wants land they have no problem. 

Wealth in America is largely tied to real estate. 

Its time to help residents build wealth with city land"
92,"The @WorkingFamilies party endorsed lifetime Republican and pretend native American liz warren over Bernie Sanders for President. 

Dont save the useless working families party, another of the Democratic party's NGO fronts. 

Keep the Green ballot in NY by voting Hawkins"
93,"https://t.co/lEFtxatEQO

 I take it back vote for this guy to be in charge of the nuclear weapons"
94,"@joshfoxfilm You're Mr Anti Fracking working to elect the people most responsible for fracking technology spreading world wide. 

Without the cute hat and glasses you are just another fake green corporate suit selling bullshit solutions on the consumer political marketplace."
95,I hope that true scarcity can cause changes in how we operate society  well before we hit complete collapse. Because that is the trajectory.
96,"I spoke with a lumber yard employee Sunday. He said that the companies that supply a lot of the lumber we use are in Idaho and would be shut down because of the wildfires. 

Living as if material, resource limits do not exist has been the dominant economic mode for decades."
97,"How much resources and planetary destruction went into building the worlds largest navy for China? Immense destruction.

But are they blameworthy? US policy is to project power everywhere at all times. It's a rational response. 

We need to get out of the global pissing contest https://t.co/dAy5zRNOuL"
98,Voting Blue is a for FOR NEOLIBERAL CAPITAL not against fascism
99,"Is it meaningful to vote 3rd party ? (Green)

Yes if you would like to dissent from rule by reality tv host or demented old puppet, then you can vote for policy like the Green New Deal, Medicare for All, and Ending War. 

It's a vote of no confidence for the entire regime."
