Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Another great taping of the Texas Progressive Time! A must watch this week!
1,On the A-Train going to Dallas in comfort and style. No more traffic jams!
2,Sunday is a great. Lawn mowed and now to writing the next week's show for TEXAS PROGRESSIVE TIME!
3,At the roughrider game in the dugout. Hope nobody hit a foul shot!
4,The Dems should learn to fight like an Egyptian.
5,Government shut down is inevitable. The TEA party will not compromise. Over the cliff GOP!  Shouldn't we think of the people first?
6,Great rally for education in ftw today. People finally realizing the damage the TEA party is doing to America.
7,Let's go to Austin and show our support for the Teachers of the State of Texas March 12 @ the State Capitol!
8,At the John Heggie concert. Amazing sonatas. Wonder why Idol could ever make with this type of live music for free?!
9,Candidate Forum at Denton City Hall tonight at 6:30! Tailgate begins at 3:00! Come see why we must win on Nov. 2!
10,"Hope to see you tomorrow at the Candidate Forum at 6:30 at City Hall in Denton. Remember to come to the tailgate, which starts at 3!"
11,DRC article this morning is the best we can hope from a Belo controlled media.  How scared are they to give me top billing.
12,Hope to see everyone tomorrow night at the Early Voting Kickoff! 5:00 at the Denton Historic Courthouse.
13,"Going into Dish, TX to discuss the TCEQ and gas drilling. Dish has worked famously against gas drilling abuses. They must be heard."
14,"Heading to the UNT Environmental Club to talk gas drilling at 6:00 and then to Double Oak Town Hall, Remember to early vote Monday!"
15,"Heading into Forest Hill and sending staff to Justin tonight to meet our great group there. Remember, early voting begins in 13 days!"
16,At the Teamsters this am. Meeting Workforce Commission reps
17,"Go to interview w/ DMN and who should appear? Burgess too busy to debate, but comes for DMN on a Monday!"
18,Headed to a Gas Well Drilling Forum with a great group of experts. Tonight at the Denton Central Fire Station at 6:30 p.m.
19,Rain is a pain but FM city council was good. People needing help from DC. Won't get it from Dr NO.
20,@tianamaepulley Looking forward to your anniversary just as much as I hope you are looking forward to voting in November!
21,Finishing up a great staff meeting. Spending tomorrow with supporters in Tarrant County. Get involved today- http://bit.ly/a5rNkl
22,"Off to The Colony Methodist Church. Does the incumbent go to church? If he does, I'm sure he hides in the back row."
23,Incumbent hiding from the public. Refuses to answer dallas morning news voter guide.
24,Going to the Everman High School football game. Handing out fliers and gaining supporters. Great night for football and campaigning.
25,Great Night meeting the Frisco city council. Clear to all that citizens of Frisco want and deserve new leadership in D.C.
26,Great staff meeting. Burgess could not cook fajitas this good. On to Victory In November!
27,I'm glad to know that there are citizens with real concern for the environmental repercussions of drilling operations here in North Texas.
28,Thank you for all your interests last night in Flower Mound on our panel discussion Living and Breathing on the Barnett Shale.
29,We had a great discussion on balancing public/private interests in gas drilling in North Texas. I want to have your voice heard too Tweet me
30,Thanks to everyone who made it out to Hillard Air Field in Flower Mound this morning! I appreciate your help and support.
31,"KERA reports TCEQ air
 tests in Ft. Worth show increased levels of carcinogens near gas drilling operations: http://bit.ly/bHs8ka"
32,I'll be at El Guapo's tomorrow night for our first major fundraiser. Let me know if you want me to set a seat for you.
33,Thanks to everyone who came out to our panel discussion Debunking Health Care Myths. Its good to know that people want reality over rhetoric
34,"How does the Health Care Bill effect you? Join me this Sat @ 10 for a panel discussion Debunking the Health Care Myths. Gateway Center, UNT"
35,See you at the Peanut Fest in Aubrey on Saturday! Remember to visit durranceforcongress.com to join the campaign!
36,Go to www.durranceforcongress.com to get involved in the campaign! It's time to ramp it up!
37,Do you think that the insurance companies are the victims in the debate on health care? http://bit.ly/ShRA4
38,"The Jim Wright Scholarship Dinner will be at Trinity Terrace, 1600 Texas St., Fort Worth, TX on  October 10 at... http://bit.ly/1mRlaD"
39,"Dale and Molly Tampke will have a House Party at 2400 Southridge Dr, Denton, 76205 at 2:00 pm on October 4. I'll be... http://bit.ly/FvO0P"
40,"Apparently, my opponent isn't sure if shouting at the President of the United States during a speech is something... http://bit.ly/l6pws"
41,Made great progress at the DNC meeting this past weekend. The labor unions seem very receptive to our cause.
42,"Having very productive meetings with the AFL\CIO, talking to friends of the working middle class."
