Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"Together, we can restore our communities to greatness. I look forward to serving you in that effort.

God bless you, and may God bless America.

– Patrick"
1,"We did not win, but this is not the end. Republicans have an opportunity to take back the House and Senate in November. I look forward to supporting our nominees in Northeast Ohio and across the country."
2,"To all of our supporters:

Thank you to each and every one of you. Together, we earned over 12,000 votes. That is an outcome to be proud of, and you made it possible. I am immensely grateful for your support."
3,"This is our chance to nominate a conservative who will put America First while fighting for Northeast Ohio in Congress.

We’re in this together. Let’s get the job done.

Vote Patrick Awtrey for U.S. House. https://t.co/4sD8TZjwyc"
4,"This is our chance to preserve the Second Amendment, stand up to China, uphold free speech, restore law and order, eliminate race and gender theory from our schools, and hold Democrats accountable for inflation."
5,"Tomorrow is election day.

This is our chance to beat the RINO establishment.

This is our chance to protect innocent life, secure our borders, and defend the Constitution as written."
6,"It was such a pleasure spending time yesterday with the true Patriots at Topnotch Diner!

Election day is Tuesday. Make sure your friends and family know to vote Patrick Gene Awtrey! https://t.co/9JVglAWbvJ"
7,"Join me for a meet-and-greet on Saturday, April 30th, 2–4 p.m. at Top Notch Diner in Cortland!

ALL of Trumbull County is included in the newly drawn 14th district.

Address: 682 S High St, Cortland, OH 44410"
8,"Reminder:
Congressional races ARE on the May 3 ballot – that's one week away! Tell your friends, and remember to vote!"
9,"Tomorrow is the Lake County Liberty Coalition Candidate Forum! Location is Citipointe Church, 4095 Kirtland Rd in Willoughby. Doors open at 6:00 p.m. I'd love to see you there!"
10,"This week I enjoyed meeting for the second time with the lovely ladies of the Portage County Republican Women's Club. Tomorrow morning I will be speaking at @trumbull_GOP's monthly breakfast.

Primary day is May 3 (yes, Congressional races ARE on the May 3 ballot) – don't forget!"
11,"@DaveJoyceOH14 And yet you have done nothing to help address this issue. C'mon, Dave!"
12,"@DaveJoyceOH14 It does speak for itself – @ACUConservative and @CPAC say you are the 7th most liberal Republican in Congress, based on your voting record.

It's right here (scroll down to #245): https://t.co/GIcgewoCuU"
13,"@DaveJoyceOH14 Except you do not have a strong conservative record.

“People are disturbed by the direction of our country under Joe Biden and the Democrats. They are even more concerned about Republicans like Joyce who would rather work with Democrats than work with conservatives."""
14,"Nicole, my girlfriend of two years, teaches 4th grade at a Christian school in the City of Cleveland. Last week I took a break from campaigning to help chaperone her class trip to the zoo.

I will always fight to make every classroom like hers – free from CRT and gender theory! https://t.co/gUYbkG5EAU"
15,@DaveJoyceOH14 See how I plan to FIGHT for Northeast Ohio at https://t.co/YMd5E0Vq1P.
16,"@DaveJoyceOH14 All the weed must be getting to you.

Do-nothing, Democrat Dave is statistically the most liberal Republican Congressman from Ohio. He would rather ""stand up to Trump"" (Dave's own words) and collaborate with AOC than put #AmericaFirst. Joyce represents America LAST."
17,"Announcement: We have received the endorsement of Ohio Value Voters! I am proud to share their values of #Life, #Family, and #ReligiousFreedom. https://t.co/V6PbeDB1PW"
18,https://t.co/AggQNRHfYc
19,"@Callahandro1 Conneaut, home of the Breakwall BBQ."
20,"From one end of the district to the other, we've got it covered! https://t.co/O0kysGFLO3"
21,Thank you to the Conservative Club of Ashtabula County for inviting me to speak at their breakfast this morning! It was a great follow-up to last weekend's Lincoln Day Dinner organized by the @Ashtabula_YR. Let me know of upcoming events you think I should attend!
22,Had an awesome time last night with the Lake County Liberty Coalition. Will be there again next month!
23,"Dear supporters – if you're interested in volunteering, we'd love to have you! Please fill out this form: https://t.co/dURNO548Yx"
24,"No more establishment politicians. It's time for a change.

https://t.co/emwJVbp1ri"
25,Everyone who knows @DaveJoyceOH14 knows that @DaveJoyceOH14 hates Trump.
26,"It was a pleasure being part of last night's Northeast Ohio Conservative Club event with @MikeGibbonsOH and @JimRenacci. Of course, @RepDaveJoyce was not there – he was too busy hosting a birthday party for himself!"
27,@Callahandro1 @mattkilboy Couldn't agree with you more.
28,RT @PatrickAwtrey: @mattkilboy Now I understand your last name.
29,@mattkilboy Now I understand your last name.
30,I find it interesting that @mattkilboy feels the need to clarify his pronouns.
31,"If the U.S. were invaded like Ukraine, 68% of Republicans would stay and fight.

A majority of Democrats would leave the country.

https://t.co/OyVfphfgdB"
32,"Diesel costs $5 per gallon. In Ohio.

I buy a lot of it – campaigning throughout the district is worth it, but Ohioans should not have to pay this much.

We need #EnergyIndependence NOW."
33,"We had a phenomenal Tuesday evening at another event in Geauga County. I was proud to speak alongside @JoshMandelOhio and @mpukita.

In the past two weeks alone we've done events and gone door-to-door in Lake, Portage, Geauga, and Ashtabula counties. Keep spreading the word!"
34,"In tonight's #SOTU, don't expect to hear solutions for inflation, open borders, crime, and our lack of energy independence. Why? Because Democrats are the reason these problems exist."
35,"As civilians in Ukraine take up arms to fight back, take some time to thank God for our Second Amendment in the U.S."
36,Protect our troops. Invest in our military. Don't lose sight of the bigger threat.
37,"A country cannot rely on military might alone. They need a strong economy to back it up.

Russia's economy is a joke. It has been for a long time. China’s economy, on the other hand, is strong. If China starts taking over other countries, they could soon be knocking on our door."
38,"Canadian truckers have remained 100% nonviolent, whereas BLM was allowed to inflict over $1 billion in property damage in the U.S. Not to mention, BLM was exempted from COVID rules by public health ""experts"", whereas COVID rules are the very thing the truckers are protesting."
39,"The most important asset to our national security is our military, and we must continually invest in it. At the same time we must support our Veterans, without whom there would be no American traditions like the Super Bowl to enjoy. God Bless America!"
40,"Embrace national pride, not shame."
41,"Science doesn't change, Democrats just got it wrong."
42,End illegal immigration once and for all!
43,"Life begins at conception, and that should be reflected in our nation's public policy. I believe conservatives can win this debate, overturn Roe v. Wade, and expand our coalition to the future."
44,Athletes who compete for China after being born and raised in the United States deserve to fail. They serve as pawns of the Chinese Community Party. And can you believe some of them still live in the U.S.?
45,"For those who remember, Gene Autry was a country music pioneer known as the Singing Cowboy. Our last names are spelled differently but pronounced the same.

My middle name is Gene, so you can call me Gene Awtrey if you'd like! https://t.co/Uu4zjgtbrW"
46,"C'mon, @DaveJoyceOH14! https://t.co/wQ9pQB2MtJ"
47,"David Joyce is the most liberal Republican from Ohio in Congress. C'mon, Dave!

@RepDaveJoyce has got to go!

Join the Fight at https://t.co/YMd5E0DODf."
48,"Had an excellent time tonight with the Geauga County Tea Party at their monthly meeting. I'm grateful to all the wonderful people who came out! David Joyce lives just down the road but apparently he's never been there. C'mon, Dave!"
49,"As your representative, I will focus on protecting innocent life, securing our borders, defending medical freedom, and standing up to China. Not to mention beating Democrats (instead of supporting them.)

https://t.co/YMd5E0Vq1P"
50,"People forget that David Joyce was appointed, not elected, to be our nominee back in 2012. At the time, he couldn't even express what he stood for. Today, he cares most about working with Democrats on things like climate change."
51,"@Callahandro1 Due to Friday's redistricting announcement, the keys right now are donations and word of mouth. Once districts are set (again), we will transition back to door-to-door campaigning. Submit your info on https://t.co/kwfo2kMiDQ so I can invite you to volunteer!"
52,"Today the Ohio Supreme Court ruled that the new U.S. House districts must be redrawn. This is no cause for concern. I will be your candidate against David Joyce on the primary ballot. RINOs must be defeated, and redistricting doesn't stand in our way."
53,"I want to thank the dedicated members of the Mentor community for inviting me to their school board meeting last night. We had a strong, Patriotic turnout and our message to the board was clear.

Hear what I had to say: https://t.co/BKVOvbZIxx (starts at 1:38:29)"
54,"In the latest ACU (CPAC) ratings, David Joyce ranks as the 7th least conservative Republican in all of Congress – worse than Anthony Gonzalez. We cannot afford to reelect Joyce.

See for yourself (scroll down to #245): https://t.co/Vru2UOnOKs"
55,"2022 is the year we defeat the RINOs, take back Congress, and put an end to the Biden agenda.

This is #AmericaFirst, and it starts in Northeast Ohio.

https://t.co/YMd5E0Vq1P"
56,"Visiting a good friend in Boston. Feels like going back in time – can't go anywhere without a mask, soon nowhere without a vax card. The fear is mindless and self-righteous.

Elites here and in other cities want to make decisions about life in Ohio. We won't let that happen."
57,"Wherever you are, whoever you’re with, I hope you’re enjoying the Christmas season. This is the best time of year – let's remember why we celebrate it in the first place.

God Bless, and Merry Christmas."
58,"Another exciting day meeting voters throughout our Northeast Ohio community!

I got into this race because establishment RINOs like David Joyce MUST be replaced with #AmericaFirst Conservatives. We can’t do it alone – help spread the word!!! https://t.co/U0zkCeRRNj"
59,Coming soon (May 3) to a ballot near you. Visit https://t.co/DAwVt6PXDl.
