Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Watch Peter's speech at the convention on Sunday at https://t.co/Iv9GdaNY4T on TMJ's youtube channel!
1,"Ron Johnson really has hit a new low. That a Senator would attempt to hand fake electors to VP Pence is a direct violation of not only his oath of office, but of everything we hold dear in our democracy. He MUST be voted out."
2,"Most Wisconsinites support legal cannabis, and so do I. Ron Johnson doesn't really agree. People of color are disproportionately arrested for marijuana possession. We need to legalize cannabis and expunge convictions for marijuana possession https://t.co/yTE68Voij6"
3,Harvard Law Prof. Lawrence Tribe discusses here another possible consequence of the U.S. Supreme Court reversing Roe v. Wade. https://t.co/2ao10aEd4d
4,"People deserve to be accepted for who they are &amp; who they love. In WI, we elected the first out Senator, Tammy Baldwin, and passed the first anti-discrimination laws for sexual orientation. We must pass the #EqualityAct so people across the country can have the same protections"
5,RT @POTUS: Enough. https://t.co/Ghw5LsTk5g
6,"@SenRonJohnson Yes, it does, and it will. It gets worse when a United States Senator could have tried to prevent, and did not prevent these tragedies. You instead took over a million dollars from the NRA and this happened."
7,"Listen to Peter discuss the issues tomorrow morning (May 21) at 10:00 a.m. with Don Browne on the Don Browne show on WAUK 540AM, 101.1FM and you can
stream it on their website."
8,"RT @BrownWIDems: Thank you to the US Senate candidates who spoke to us tonight about unions, reproductive rights, getting big money out of…"
9,"I’m sick and tired of the pro-choice vs. pro-life argument. It’s time we get honest with each other. Pro-choice or forced birth? That’s what we will have if we take way the ability of women&amp;girls to make choices for their own bodies, their own futures. We must codify Roe v. Wade."
10,"RT @PPAWI: In response to media reports that the Supreme Court is set to overturn Roe v. Wade, Planned Parenthood Advocates of Wisconsin (P…"
11,"Today, Andre Lee Ellis endorsed Peter:
""I am honored and proud to offer my endorsement to Peter Peckarsky, candidate for US Senate."" -Andre Lee Ellis, Founder &amp; Executive Director
The CAGE , Community Agricultural Growing Experiences. Read it here: https://t.co/I6iZstwR83"
12,RT @MalloryMcMorrow: Senator Lana Theis accused me by name of grooming and sexualizing children in an attempt to marginalize me for standin…
13,RT @danielschuman: Killing civilians with armed drones is a waking nightmare. The military abandoned its airmen to suffer and die from PTSD…
14,Happy Passover and Easter to all of those who celebrate. Have a great holiday weekend!
15,"3 Senate Republicans voted to confirm Justice Brown Jackson, and Ron Johnson wasn't one of them. For 11 years, Ron Johnson has impeded progress. He has consistently prioritized his partisan or personal interests over those of the people of Wisconsin - and it's time for him to go."
16,"On Jan. 24th 2020, just 3 days after the first case of Covid in the US, all 100 US Senators including Ron Johnson were invited to a briefing on the danger Covid could pose. But instead of communicating this to Wisconsinites, Ron Johnson  just kept quiet and took our tax dollars."
17,RT @WhiteHouse: Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson has been confirmed as the next Supreme Court Justice. https://t.co/A27Onkeljd
18,"What kind of future do you want for your children and grandchildren?
Do you want a future where every year, Ron Johnson using the Senate seat that the people put him in, takes $79 million from you and gives it to his rich contributors?"
19,"Sen. Ron Johnson used his Senate office to change tax legislation according to ProPublica. https://t.co/lscU1J2sg2.
The change took $79 MILLION from the American people in 2018 and gave it to three billionaires who had contributed about $20 MILLION to Johnson’s
2016 campaign."
20,"I sat down with Dylan from @milwcouriernews a while back. We covered a variety of important topics.
https://t.co/2ps79owstr"
21,"As the knowledgeable, empathetic and caring Dr. Gillian Battino leaves the U.S. Senate race and seeks to serve Wisconsin as Treasurer, we wish her and her family well and safe travels on a new campaign trail. We will miss her insights and long distance runner’s attitude."
22,"All Americans should understand the grave danger involved in Ukraine and realize that we have one President at a time who needs our support (regardless
of party) in an extremely dangerous situation."
23,"Today, we honor Fannie Lou Hamer #VRABlackHistory: https://t.co/v3qcaXJ1Tk"
24,#VRABlackHistory: https://t.co/KemxXwfpJW
25,One week ago today I invited the other candidates for the Democratic Party primary for US Senate to join me in being proactive to protect our elections. Action is needed! https://t.co/8Me780BvnC
26,"#HolocaustRemembranceDay 
Today we pause to remember the Jews who were targeted, persecuted, and murdered under the Nazi regime. Call out anti-semitism whenever, wherever you see it.
#NeverAgain"
27,"My years of practicing anti-trust law and intellectual property rights have prepared me to tackle this issue more thoroughly than any of my primary opponents.
#StopMonopolies
#WiUnion

https://t.co/1UGZ32Vjq3"
28,"Today Republicans in WI voted against ARPA (The Abortion Rights Prevention Act) they support jailing doctors, clergy, family &amp; others for helping a woman choose her future. #RoeVWade should be codified. If I'm in the US Senate I will act to do just that!"
29,@NelsonforWI @TheOtherMandela @Battino4Senate @SarahforWI @AlexLasryWI @leeforwisconsin @ChantiaLewis1 @MurphyForWI @StevenOlikara I'm in! Let's get the candidates together!
30,We need to address this now or risk a Florida 2000 situation. Letting Judges decide our elections in WI is not acceptable. We owe it to not only to Wisconsinites in Nov '22 but to the GE in '24. Wisconsin's electoral votes might make the difference in the Presidential race! https://t.co/iJ5Bzr1uu2
31,"10. End of press release. 
The GOP is leading efforts across our country to interfere with our free and fair elections. We can not simply stand by and hope for the best. Donate today to help fund legal efforts to preserve and improve our democracy! https://t.co/IXZycer6UU"
32,"9. the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and on intelligence analysis to the Director of Naval Intelligence. His legal career spans election law, antitrust, patent, securities fraud and hedge fund matters, and the intersection of law with science and technology. Cont.."
33,"8. Institute of Technology and a law degree from Case Western Reserve University. He previously served as consultant on strategic nuclear weapons forces and platforms to the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and on intelligence analysis to Cont..."
34,"7. assist election protection efforts for the Democratic Party of Wisconsin, California Democratic Party, Democratic National Committee and other organizations.

A Milwaukee-born and based attorney, Peckarsky has a degree in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts  Cont.."
35,"6. be governed only by officials elected entirely by secret ballot.

Peckarsky, an intellectual property lawyer who in July announced his candidacy for the U.S. Senate seat now occupied by Ron Johnson, has used his legal training and experience for more than 20 years to Cont..."
36,5. Absentee voters and those voting in person will cast their ballots as they have in prior elections. The suits are to assure Wisconsinites that their elections are conducted in a way that fully protects their right to Cont....
37,"4. the Wisconsin Constitution when absentee ballots are centrally counted.

The second suit seeks to require that the Wisconsin Elections Commission (WEC) obey Wisconsin laws that relate to Electronic Voting Systems.

Neither suit will have any effect on voters. Cont.."
38,"3. Peter Peckarsky, Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate, filed two lawsuits today against the Wisconsin Elections Commission in Circuit Court for Milwaukee County. The first suit is intended to ensure that the secret nature of secret ballots be maintained as required Cont.."
39,"2. On Tuesday, Jan 18th, I filed 2 lawsuits against the Wisconsin Election Commission. As someone with a long history of donating my legal expertise to election-protection activities, I feel obligated to act. Below is the press release. Cont.."
40,"1. I am continuing my efforts to bring our election practices in line w/our laws and WI Constitution, essentially dotting our I's and crossing our T's in an effort to prevent post-election lawsuits, which could flip the results of our elections. Cont.."
41,"10. And, while I have your attention, all Wisconsinites should be contacting Ro Jo &amp; telling him to uphold his oath of office and pass the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act! Call EACH of his offices. https://t.co/vmJ8eSlvIH

end"
42,"9. I will continue to fight for free &amp; fair elections, even when it's politically unpopular, because the American people are promised such under our Constitution and our democracy depends on it! cont.."
43,"8. for use in Wisconsin.

I urge you to consult with the Attorney General promptly so you can arrange for all future Wisconsin elections to be conducted in a manner which complies with the Wisconsin statutes relating to Electronic Voting Systems.

Sincerely,
Peter Peckarsky
cont."
44,"7. Wisconsin statutes. The second Notice also raises the issue of whether the Wisconsin Elections Commission (""WEC""), given the facts and public records produced by the WEC pursuant to Wis.Stat. section 19.35, even had the statutory authority to certify one or more EVS cont.."
45,"6. on Dec. 20, 2021 my counsel served a second Notice of Claim on the Attorney General of Wisconsin which raises issues as to whether Electronic Voting Systems (""EVS""), as defined in Wis.Stat. section 5.02 (4m), are being used in a manner which violates various cont.."
46,"5. in a manner which complies with the Wisconsin Constitution’s requirement of a secret ballot and fully protects the right of all the people of Wisconsin to be governed only by officials elected entirely by secret ballot.
As you may also know cont...."
47,4. listed on the website of the Wisconsin Elections Commission as municipalities which centrally count absentee ballots. I urge you to consult with the Attorney General promptly so you may arrange for all future Wisconsin elections to be conducted cont...
48,3. essentially asking him to advise you that Wis.Stat. 7.52(3)(a) is unconstitutional in that it requires information identifying the voter who cast the ballot to be placed on absentee ballots centrally counted in the Wisconsin municipalities cont..
49,"2. Dear Members of the Wisconsin Elections Commission:
Article III, Section 3 of the Wisconsin Constitution states: “All votes shall be by secret ballot.”
As you know, on Oct. 26, 2021 my counsel served a Notice of Claim on the Attorney General of Wisconsin cont.."
50,"1. Today I sent a letter to members of the Wisconsin Election Commission, this thread contains the entire contents of that letter.
#wiunion #wispolitics #flipitblue"
51,"It's official. Ro Jo has announced he's running for a 3rd term. WI and our nation deserves better. Join me to #FlipItBlue 
https://t.co/UtFPpPS5DQ
https://t.co/GptWw3N2Qw"
52,"I look forward to asking you these questions and many others every day 
for the next 11 months and every time we debate.

https://t.co/lscU1J2sg2"
53,"Johnson hasn’t responded to the leak stating he is running for re-election yet but here’s my 1st question: If you are re-elected, how many millions of dollars of the people's money do you plan to take from the people and give to your other rich contributors in the next 6 years?"
54,"The race for Senate here in WI is so important! RT, follow and donate if you can. Let's kick Ro Jo to the curb! We need to #flipitblue in '22! https://t.co/vHsnIHs27g"
55,"Wishing you all peace, joy, love, health, justice and kindness this Christmas! https://t.co/xutV76Op5Y"
56,"Here's the article! 

https://t.co/gTlEnJUTLH"
57,"When we invest in our people and instead of our prisons we will see the change we need. Finally, let's remove cannabis from schedule1 of the Controlled Substances Act and reevaluate the sentences for those doing time for cannabis-related offenses. cont.."
58,We need to reform our federal laws to protect those being punished for being poor. For too many the only treatment for addiction is incarceration and that's wrong. Hospital beds in mental health wards are available for too few while our jail cells are filled by too many. cont..
59,"Law enforcement officers should have at least the same level of ongoing education, training &amp; conduct evaluations that we require of our nurses &amp; teachers. Police conduct complaints should be federally tracked to prevent offender officers from moving to other police depts. cont.."
60,"The first thing I would do as your Senator to reform our criminal justice system is end, once and for all, the 1033 program. Military equipment has no place on our city streets. cont.."
61,"Recently I had the honor to sit down with Thomas E. Mitchell Jr., editor of the Milwaukee Community Journal. Here are my expanded thoughts on criminal justice reform. cont.."
62,"It may be that our country and its people will not be
safe until advanced nations arrange vaccinations for every person who shares the planet we all call home. It’s also time to have real conversations with those we know who are vaccine-hesitant. We're all in this together."
63,"What our federal government must do: work with the international community on vaccine production, distribution and administration. The distance between our global neighbors is smaller than ever. Our futures
are intertwined. cont.."
64,"What we can all do:
get vaccinated
get your booster (if additional boosters are offered in a few months-get them too)
limit contact with those outside of your family
wear a mask
wash your hands
cont.."
65,"medical personnel who put their lives on the line every time they treat an infected patient, hospital beds, ICU beds, and the effectiveness of the currently available monoclonal antibodies against the omicron variant. cont.."
66,"our system may be overwhelmed if case numbers explode. There is some concern about the effectiveness of our current treatments against this new strain. There is also concern about the availability and supply of current treatments, tests, testing facilities, cont.."
67,"prevented a much more severe case for me. The omicron variant appears to be much more transmissible. It is unclear if the hospitalization and death rates will be similar, lower, or higher than other variants. What we do know, even if the hospitalization rates are
low, cont.."
68,The treatment was uneventful and I am well. The science and experienced physicians who are board certified in the relevant specialties and have substantial clinical experience actually treating Covid-19 patients are telling us now that the vaccine and booster cont..
69,Last week I tested positive for a breakthrough Covid infection. I experienced only two mild versions of many common symptoms. I have been treated with the currently available monoclonal antibodies and have completed the required isolation period. cont..
70,@mertle_the Thanks! Stay tuned. Check out my website @ https://t.co/IXZycer6UU We are working on a revamp but until then you can see where I stand on the issues. It's going to take a lot of passionate people like yourself to defeat RoJo.
71,I have filed my second election-related Notice of Claim. The tweet thread below is a copy of the press release my campaign sent out today. https://t.co/koQXmbQBTS
72,"to the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and on intelligence analysis to the Director of Naval Intelligence. His legal career spans election law, antitrust, patent, securities fraud and hedge fund matters, and the intersection of law with science and technology."
73,Peckarsky has a degree in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a law degree from Case Western Reserve University. He previously served as consultant on strategic nuclear weapons forces and platforms to cont...
74,"has used his legal training and experience for more than 20 years to assist election protection efforts for the Democratic Party of Wisconsin, California Democratic Party, Democratic National Committee and other organizations.

A Milwaukee-born and based attorney, cont."
75,"who agree in writing, to protect any proprietary software.  

Peckarsky, an intellectual property lawyer who in July announced his candidacy for the U.S. Senate seat now occupied by Ron Johnson, cont..."
76,"on machines that are fully compliant with our law instead of with a non-compliant EVS.”

Why is this important? In the case of a recount, the Commission is required to provide immediate access to the software to the candidates involved, and their designees cont...."
77,"I ask the Wisconsin Elections Commission to conduct elections in full compliance with our law (Wis. Stat. secs. 5.905 and 5.91),” Peckarsky said. “It’s our job as leaders to be aware of what’s happening, or in this case, not happening, and be certain that votes are counted ..cont"
78,The records also indicate WEC has not been able to verify that the instructions in certain EVS software correspond to the instructions actually used by the EVS to count votes.
79,"According to public records obtained from the Wisconsin Elections Commission the WEC, contrary to law, has among other things never placed software components, changes, or ballot definition files in escrow with the Wisconsin Elections Commission."
80,Peckarsky yesterday filed a paper with the Wisconsin Elections Commission (WEC) to make certain that Wisconsin elections are conducted in full compliance with statutes that regulate certification of Electronic Voting Systems.
81,"“If all software components for an Electronic Voting System (EVS) are not in escrow with the Wisconsin Elections Commission as required, then that EVS should be decertified, and every ballot should be counted by a lawfully certified EVS or by hand,” Peckarsky said."
82,"U.S. Senate candidate takes second legal step 
to protect democracy. Peter Peckarsky, attorney and Democratic candidate for U.S. Senate is working to bring the state of Wisconsin’s election practices in line with election law by filing his second election-related Notice of Claim."
83,Current inflation is due more to corporate greed and monopolies than scarcity. Farmers have paid the high cost of runaway corporate greed. My experience in anti-trust and patent law can lead to real solutions for farmers. https://t.co/TLUQzw7jth
84,"We CAN NOT let our elections be corrupted by those who would sacrifice our democracy to attain political power. I am leading the fight here in Wisconsin because someone has to. 
https://t.co/VpGS5We5cQ"
85,"Johnson’s penchant for disinformation and conspiracy theories is embarrassing and dangerous. Pitch in $29 today to help me defeat him and return sanity to the Senate!
https://t.co/UtFPpPS5DQ https://t.co/LfZku3exxZ"
86,"The more we find out about Trump’s actions, and the actions of his enablers, leading up to and during the Jan 6th insurrection- the more urgent it becomes to pursue justice."
87,"We need to be taking steps to make right some of the wrongs from our past that maintain an unequal playing field. I support the GI Bill Restoration Act of 2021, introduced by @ClyburnSC06. and @sethmoulton."
88,Some veterans were able to raise their families and build their futures with tools unavailable to their fellow servicemen and women who were unlawfully denied benefits simply because of their skin color. THIS is what we mean when we talk about systemic racism cont..
89,"Black American Veterans were denied the benefits of the GI Bill when they returned from WWII. Those benefits helped build generational wealth through education, homeownership and small business loans. cont..

https://t.co/qcAwqApeNX"
90,"I've spent 20+yrs working to protect your right to vote and have that vote counted as provided by the United States Constitution. The GOP is attacking this right all over our country. Put me in the US Senate, where I can continue my work to protect your rights!"
91,"When we invest in our people and our communities we can do big things, like reduce childhood poverty. My goal as your next US Senator will be to invest in our people, our future."
92,"In addition to establishing the system which will provide COVID vaccine as soon as possible to the 7 billion people who need it, we should ensure the system can be used in the future to distribute vaccines rapidly worldwide to deal with future viruses. end."
93,"If the U.S. is a co-owner, the U.S. has the right to license anyone to use the patent at no charge in those countries where there are or will be such patents. cont...."
94,"In some of Moderna’s patent applications, U.S. government scientists are reportedly named as co-inventors with Moderna scientists. Thus, the U.S. may be a co-owner of some of the patents to the Moderna vaccine. cont..."
95,"....which will facilitate global manufacturing of the vaccines. Further, by one estimate, the U.S. gave Moderna about $2.5 billion and scientific researchers who helped Moderna develop and commercialize its vaccine. cont...."
96,"I support Pres. Biden’s goal of global vaccinations against COVID and asking the nations meeting as part of the WTO to waive intellectual property rights.... cont..
https://t.co/8Gdid50Eh5"
97,"For 20+yrs I have been donating my legal expertise to the cause of voter protection- a government of the people, for the people, by the people. Send me to the US Senate to protect the rights of every American to vote &amp; have their vote counted! 
https://t.co/UtFPpPS5DQ"
98,"Make no mistake, Ron Johnson is coming for our elections. He's motivated by power. He has consistently voted ""no"" to legislation that would protect voter's rights. He stands for dark money &amp; foreign interference in our elections. cont..

https://t.co/BcDvBwQry0"
99,"The tragedy in Waukesha last night has left all of Wisconsin heartbroken. Our thoughts are with the dead, injured and their families."
