Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"There are steps the Biden Administration can take to protect abortion access and reproductive care at the federal level. That’s why I’m joining my Democratic colleagues in urging President Biden to use every tool at his disposal to make it a reality.
https://t.co/JNOpWMMkGe"
1,Elect more pro-choice leaders.
2,"Abortion care is a fundamental, human right.

This decision will NOT be the last word on that right."
3,The GOP has made clear that their next step is banning abortion nationwide without exceptions. We must defeat Republicans up and down the ballot and put a stop to this archaic push to restrict human rights.
4,"Today, women woke up in a country with fewer rights than they had yesterday, following the Supreme Court’s decision to roll back constitutional protections for abortion after nearly fifty years. It’s unacceptable, and I will continue working to change it."
5,"This decision is one reason why the November election is so crucial. We have two choices: elect pro-choice Democrats who will write abortion protections into law — or hand the reins to Mitch McConnell’s GOP, who are already floating the idea of a national abortion ban."
6,Let me be clear: these deeply personal decisions should be left to an individual and their doctor. Not conservative Supreme Court justices. Not politicians trying to rile up their base.
7,Today’s decision by the Supreme Court ends a half-century guarantee that reproductive rights are protected by our Constitution. But the end of Roe v. Wade is not the end of the fight.
8,Keep the Senate blue. https://t.co/RqPYlQqQ2I
9,"There is no doubt that vaping presents a real threat to young people. Today’s action by the FDA to remove all JUUL products from store shelves is a dramatic step forward. 
https://t.co/aNFhz0e2EN"
10,"The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act will save lives. We must get it passed without delay.
https://t.co/s6ujJKK07h"
11,"We must restore our nation as a beacon of hope and a world leader in welcoming refugees.
https://t.co/3S0uAqMTDz"
12,"Illinois, have you made your plan to vote in the June 28 Democratic primary?
https://t.co/IP776Ddik9"
13,"We still have more work to do to stop the scourge of gun violence, but this is a significant start—especially in an environment where bipartisanship has grown rare. Let’s get this done.
https://t.co/UEv5Ti0ujo"
14,Extreme Republicans will stop at nothing to turn back the clock on women’s rights – and it’s putting patients and doctors alike at risk. https://t.co/Y5UeZ9scZ9
15,"Climate change is already a public health crisis of epic proportions. We need big, bold action that creates a healthier, more sustainable planet for all.
https://t.co/03u2z6x6kn"
16,I’m leading a delegation of Congressional leaders from around Chicago in urging the EPA to expand its eligibility guidelines for our new Clean School Bus Program. https://t.co/DCimbIZ8v1
17,"Last week, I joined Luis Gutierrez to help launch his new immigration organization, Our Nation’s Future. I’m grateful to be part of this renewed push to serve our immigrant communities by providing key resources, programming, and more.
https://t.co/uGYpyz6a4P"
18,"President Biden is right – record profit can’t come at the expense of hardworking American families. It’s time to change that by passing Senate Democrats’ price gouging bill to hold these executives and corporations accountable.
https://t.co/0BMbSJk0kb"
19,"This past week, we advanced the PACT Act through the Senate – important legislation that is going to provide vital services and funding to the VA for veterans exposed to toxic waste and burn pits while serving.
https://t.co/N0SsFviXv5"
20,"Clean domestic energy production is bailing us out time and time again. This is the moment to take bold action to combat the climate crisis and develop our own renewable energy infrastructure.
https://t.co/fgGMVGiRps"
21,Happy #Juneteenth to everyone celebrating this weekend in Illinois and across the country. Today isn’t only about celebrating the end of slavery – it’s about recommitting to action that continues to promote racial equality today and for generations to come.
22,"On January 6th, 2021, we came close to losing our democracy. It’s unacceptable that so many Republicans would choose party over country and work to cover-up the reality of what happened that day. https://t.co/q4OMZhAn6U"
23,"This bipartisan gun safety framework is a step in the right direction that will help strengthen our background checks, fund red flag laws, close loopholes, and more. But it’s not enough – and I’m focused on delivering more legislation and action."
24,"The ATF has remained without a Senate-confirmed director since 2015 because, in part, gun lobbyists have fought to keep it that way. It’s time to change that by confirming the exceedingly-qualified Steve Dettelbach.
https://t.co/pepBaCq8Jb"
25,Our inaction on gun safety is tangibly and needlessly prolonging this tragedy. We need to put partisanship aside and help prevent the next mass shooting. https://t.co/dwz1fZRJvh
26,"Republicans are working to turn back the clock on women’s rights.

I’m focused on defending a woman’s right to make deeply personal decisions about her body and future."
27,"This morning, the Judiciary Committee advanced Steve Dettelbach’s Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives nomination to the Senate floor. The ATF hasn’t had a Senate-confirmed director since 2015 and now more than ever, we need to change that."
28,This is exciting news for kids under 6 and an important step forward in our fight to combat the COVID-19 pandemic and save lives. https://t.co/ldUo8OVj9c
29,"More than 9 months ago, a court-mandated deadline passed for the FDA to finalize its reviews on addictive e-cigarettes. FDA’s inaction is unacceptable – and poses a serious risk to our kids. Now, I’m pushing for answers.
https://t.co/fu4UG8PPdo"
30,Who are Senate Republicans working for? https://t.co/0jDoILT72c
31,"Plain and simple, this legislation is going to save Americans from needless tragedy and heartbreak. But it’s not enough – and I know that. I will keep working to pass additional comprehensive gun reform legislation that further protects our communities. https://t.co/R7K6TVlJoh"
32,"We can’t let price gouging corporations profit at the expense of working Americans. Senate Democrats have a plan to hold them accountable.
https://t.co/pcogtij5ue"
33,"From city councils to the halls of Congress, we must elect leaders who are willing to put working families and their constituents first. Not Republicans who want to hike taxes on workers, raise health care costs, and turn back the clock on reproductive rights."
34,"Our government has a responsibility to protect American communities and lives. It doesn’t matter what Republicans think, we must take immediate action to combat the scourge of white supremacist domestic terrorism."
35,We cannot allow women today to have fewer rights than their mothers and grandmothers. #AbortionIsEssential
36,"Fighting climate change is a moral imperative. Also, it’s affordable.
https://t.co/DU2LIFBxzK"
37,"This is great news and another valuable resource in our fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
https://t.co/05qKWkG5GW"
38,"The relief President Biden provided defrauded Corinthian students was an important first step, but we need to take more steps to support defrauded borrowers. I’m calling on President Biden to provide additional relief to borrowers who attended Westwood College in Illinois."
39,"Though this bipartisan agreement falls short in some aspects, at the end of the day, I believe it will help make our nation safer. We cannot let the perfect be the enemy of the good. https://t.co/ilrc40vdsm"
40,Senate Republicans aren’t even trying to hide it – they’re campaigning on tax hikes for working families and tax cuts for the ultra-wealthy. https://t.co/LvIBDrA9W9
41,"Illinois’ airports are vital economic and transportation hubs for our state. I’ve worked hard to advocate for our state’s infrastructure through federal funding, legislation, and more – and I’m glad to see it paying off in this $15 million in federal funding from the FAA. https://t.co/pheCXS4n3J"
42,Every one of the Buffalo victims left behind loved ones who are grieving their loss. I’m not going to sit back and let their memories fade – I’m fighting to pass common sense gun reform and legislation that combats white supremacist domestic terrorism.
43,"In the past month, Republicans have voted against:

🔴 lower gas prices
🔴 ending the baby formula crisis
🔴 saving American lives with common sense gun reform"
44,It doesn’t matter what extreme Republicans have to say about it: patients across this country deserve the right to make deeply personal decisions about their future.
45,"In the Senate, I’m working to lower costs for Illinoisans in every corner of our state. Lower health care costs, gas prices, and better paying jobs – this is how we build a stronger, fairer Illinois."
46,"The cost of prescription drugs is out of control. I’m working with Senate Democrats to lower costs across the board and cap life-saving drugs, like insulin, at affordable rates."
47,"Today, I led a Judiciary Committee hearing examining the threat of white supremacist &amp; other extremist domestic terrorism. We have a responsibility to act on gun violence. I’m ready to support common sense bipartisan legislation that gets it done as soon as possible."
48,"When Congressional Republicans vote no on legislation that would lower gas prices, they’re not thinking about helping working families. They’re protecting oil corporations who are setting record profits."
49,Make no mistake: Republicans will keep their promises to end programs like Social Security and Medicare if we let them retake the Senate in November. https://t.co/rf0H2HJkuo
50,"Oil companies shouldn’t be setting record profits while families and workers are paying skyrocketing prices at the gas pump.

I’m working with @SenateDems to lower gas prices for Illinoisans and hold corporations accountable."
51,RT @NARAL: The threat to the future of legal abortion is very real. We don’t have to imagine what a world without Roe will look like; we’re…
52,"👇 👇 👇 
https://t.co/Dd8cEl7mRS"
53,"I’ve worked hard, alongside Senator Duckworth, to make sure Illinois gets the health care funding that our state deserves, including this expansion of Northwestern Medicine’s campus: https://t.co/ghXUpFB3Yr"
54,"Senior?
Full-time student?

Senate Republicans want to raise your taxes.

Person with a disability?
Family with children?

Senate Republicans want to raise your taxes."
55,"I joined leaders from across Illinois on Friday to make clear our commitment to pass meaningful gun safety legislation. We must come together to put an end to this violence–I’m not going to stop trying. 
https://t.co/1zRazHbn4f"
56,"After everything our health care providers have been through over the past two years, they deserve the best. That’s why I helped secure more than $18 million in federal funding in the 2022 budget for our Illinois providers with Sen. Duckworth.
https://t.co/BrXIUUnCVJ"
57,I’m joining the millions of Americans across the country who today are demanding an end to the senseless harm brought about by gun violence. Gun safety reform shouldn’t be a partisan issue–it’s about putting American lives ahead of the gun lobby. #WearOrange
58,Health care institutions are the backbone of Illinois’ rural communities. Proud to have helped secure $2 million with Sen. Duckworth to help support SIU’s School of Medicine.
59,Life-saving drugs shouldn’t put anyone in debt. It’s time to cap the cost of insulin at $35/month because that’s the way it should be.
60,From our economy to our public health to the health of our planet – the climate crisis is already hurting us. It’s time for bold action to address this crisis. https://t.co/aNuGQEm8s0
61,"This Memorial Day, let us remember those who paid the ultimate sacrifice to protect our freedoms and provide us with security. We owe you our gratitude."
62,"No one should have to worry about going into debt to afford the life-saving medication they need to live.

It’s time to cap the cost of insulin at $35/month."
63,I think I speak for a majority of Americans when I say it would go a long way to see Senate Republicans do something – anything – to help meet this moment.
64,"Republicans in state legislatures across this country are fighting to take us back in time when patients had fewer rights, less freedoms, and less control over their own bodies.
https://t.co/fe6uezxZQq"
65,"If Republicans don’t think stopping white supremacist domestic terrorism, curbing our gun violence epidemic, or ending the baby formula shortage are priorities worth fighting for, what do they think is?"
66,"Will Republicans come to their senses and set partisan politics aside to protect American lives?

Or will they side with the NRA and gun lobbyists?"
67,"My Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act would help law enforcement combat the serious and lethal threat of domestic terrorism. And every single Senate Republican voted against it yesterday.

Spread the word.
https://t.co/9dzzBX5KxD"
68,It’s past time for thoughts and prayers. We need leaders in every legislative body who are willing to push for common sense gun policy reforms that save lives and prevent more needless tragedy.
69,Cowardly Republicans are placing the NRA and gun lobbyists above American lives. Enough.
70,"2/ As a first step, today we held a hearing in the Judiciary Committee to confirm Steve Dettelbach to lead ATF. The ATF—which responds to gun crimes—has been without a director for 7 years because gun groups lobbied for it to stay that way."
71,"1/ I am heartbroken. I implore my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: please, take action and save lives. It is unforgivable that we are in a position to help solve this crisis and continue to come up short."
72,"Picking up your insulin prescription, filling up your gas tank, or paying for child care shouldn’t jeopardize your ability to make ends meet. I’m working to bring down essential, everyday costs  for working families across Illinois and the country."
73,"Workers and unions always have been and always will be what makes the economy go round. Glad to see President Biden join working Illinoisans recently in Chicago.
https://t.co/a512dnldWu"
74,"The leaked SCOTUS opinion was a green light for state legislatures to enact archaic, harmful anti-abortion legislation. It has never been more urgent to codify #Roe at the federal level.
https://t.co/3uUB6PIroO"
75,"RT @TammyDuckworth: Make no mistake: if Republicans regain control of Congress, one of their first actions will be to make forced birth the…"
76,"We can’t allow headlines like these to become the new normal. It’s time for bold climate action that helps build a livable planet for generations to come.
https://t.co/0BQmYJGnV1"
77,"Make no mistake: across the country, untraceable ghost guns are leading to deadly, violent crime in our communities. Glad to see IL taking this important step forward – but we must also take these common sense steps at the federal level to curb violence.
https://t.co/BxEa3g5pvA"
78,"RT @dscc: Republicans have spent decades working toward a far-right Supreme Court that will overturn Roe, but they’re not stopping there.…"
79,Life-saving medication like insulin isn’t optional. That’s why I’m joining with Senate Democrats and working to lower the cost of prescription drugs across the board–putting patients first.
80,"Americans don’t want their income to go down.
Americans don’t want their health care costs to go up.
And Americans certainly don’t want their rights to be undermined.

But Republicans want to do it all anyway."
81,Far-right Republicans like Tucker Carlson are using white supremacist rhetoric to fan the flames of racism. It’s costing us–dearly. I’m working to pass my Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act &amp; other common sense gun safety legislation to end this scourge of violence and save lives.
82,"Republicans won’t stop with Roe.

How do we know?

Because extreme Republicans are openly promising they won’t.
https://t.co/EkSAHybWja"
83,"We can’t delay when it comes to combating the next COVID variant. I’m working to ensure that we don’t fall short when it comes to critical funding for medical supplies, tests, and booster shots.
https://t.co/xfuJNiAwFu"
84,"Life-saving medications like insulin can’t do much good if patients can’t afford them. It’s time to cap the cost of insulin and bring down the cost of prescription drugs by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices.
https://t.co/cQG2ZFtZeI"
85,My heart is with Buffalo and those impacted by the white supremacist attack on the Black community this past weekend. Hate and prejudice must be defeated everywhere. And we must take steps to curb the flow of deadly weapons in the United States.
86,"I wonder who Senate Republicans are crafting their policies around when they hurt workers and families and help the ultra-wealthy and corporations.

Anyone have guesses?"
87,"When Mitch McConnell says that a nationwide abortion ban is possible under a GOP Senate, believe him.

But I’m not going to sit back and let them flip the Senate. RT if you’re with me."
88,"We must learn from the mistakes that have cost 1 million lives in this country. I’m focused on getting additional COVID-19 funding in place to maintain our testing infrastructure, vaccine and booster rollout, and more. Acting now is how we save lives."
89,"I’m working with Senate Democrats to help lower costs on essentials like gas, transportation, and energy.

Senate Republicans are promising to lower your paycheck.

The difference couldn’t be clearer."
90,Letting Medicare negotiate drug prices and capping the cost of life-saving drugs like insulin shouldn’t be partisan issues. It’s time to get this done.
91,"I’m not going to stop fighting for reproductive rights. 

Not now. Not ever."
92,"The decision by Senate Republicans to AGAIN stand in the way of fundamental reproductive freedoms is outrageous.

But this fight is far from over–and I’m not backing down in defense of #RoeVWade and reproductive health care."
93,It’s simple: patients deserve to make deeply personal medical decisions about their family and their body without the interference of extreme Republicans. I’m voting for the Women’s Health Protection Act to protect that right.
94,"You should never have to worry about being able to afford a lifesaving drug like insulin.

Democrats are fighting to make sure you will never have to."
95,"Mitch McConnell and the GOP don’t want to stop with Roe. They’re coming for reproductive care across the country–and that’s only the beginning. We can’t give them the opportunity.
https://t.co/9CgMu5iKFE"
96,"RT @dscc: On the anniversary of the FDA approving the first birth control pill, Republicans are waging a relentless attack on reproductive…"
97,"Voters aren’t falling for the smoke and mirrors. They know that the #RepublicanAgenda isn’t a set of policies that will help them–they’re a set of policies that will hurt them.
https://t.co/wqouSrmXNa"
98,Wishing all the mothers and grandmothers from Illinois and across the country a very happy #MothersDay!
99,"Happy to have helped secure $500,000 to support IBEW and their workforce development programs in local high schools. Investments like these are how we train the next generation of workers and prepare them to lead Illinois and the country in EV infrastructure and development."
