Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"In America, I’d trust Big Bird to interpret the Law before Amy Coney Barrett. She has ZERO experience."
1,"Wouldn’t be surprised if SCOTUS goes after Tinker v. Des Moines, a landmark case in which the court found that the First Amendment applied to public schools, and school officials could not censor student speech."
2,@CawthornforNC But you did.
3,"SCOTUS says teachers can lead students in prayer in school; guess we're sacrificing one of the 4-H goats at our next 4-H meeting. You know, because there's more than ONE religion in this country besides 'Christianity'."
4,Now I know what grade level Lauren dropped out of... https://t.co/XobCGbTgG2
5,"At their hearing, both Amy Coney Barrett and Brett Kavanaugh said they don't engage in 'hypotheticals' and stated Roe. v. Wade was settled law. 

Well...let's settle this, and hypothetically introduce articles of impeachment for them on the grounds of perjury."
6,"If a church allows lawmakers to come in and grandstand, like Lauren’s church, they should lose their tax-exempt status and be taxed."
7,"Since Republicans love interpreting the Constitution at face value, they wouldn’t mind us saying “One nation under Allah (or Yahweh)” every now and then right? 

You know, us having the Freedom of Religion amendment and and all."
8,"If Kavanaugh lied UNDER OATH about Roe v. Wade, you really think he didn't lie about the sexual assault allegations? https://t.co/IIwQ5GKb7q"
9,@mikepompeo So when are you adopting? I'll wait.
10,"Joe Biden said he does not agree with expanding SCOTUS and that is not something that he wants to do.

Joe, you better have a plan then, cause that’s not gonna fly."
11,"Dear @MargaretAtwood, 

You can now put “Based on True Events” on the cover of your novel, #TheHandmaidsTale.

Also, you may want to consider changing the genre of the book to Non-Fiction.

- Respectfully suggested"
12,"@RepBoebert Leviticus 26:1

‘You shall not make for yourselves idols, nor shall you set up for yourselves an image or a sacred pillar, nor shall you place a figured stone in your land to bow down to it; for I am the Lord your God.” https://t.co/Zmf6uPR9Jd"
13,In 1776 we rebelled against 🇬🇧 because we did not want to be ruled by one person for life — so why do SCOTUS justices get to do just that? #TermLimitsForSCOTUS
14,"We have laws  that make almost all males who are 18 through 25 required to register with Selective Service. Surely we can make a law that requires all males  18 through 25 get vasectomies.

Too radical? Then leave uteruses alone, because that's how women feel being controlled."
15,@MarshaBlackburn But the Bible says God gave us free will. You going against God now?
16,"Since Republicans love picking at Bible so much:

“Anyone who divorces his wife and marries another woman commits adultery, and the man who marries a divorced woman commits adultery."" 
-- Luke 16:18

Donald Trump has had three wives; what a triple sinner."
17,"Like the Bible, Republicans cherry-pick the Constitution."
18,"Um, excuse me DEMs but WTF are y’all doing? Ain’t no one have time for that. Start introducing some legislation to fix this crises. Expand the court. Something.

https://t.co/6tesh9dFU7"
19,"John Cornyn has revealed his true colors. He wants SCOTUS to overturn Brown v. Board of Education, which was a landmark case that desegregated schools. He wants to go back to segregation it seems. https://t.co/GG1PJWPcB8"
20,"So Amy Coney Barrett, how many more foster care kids are you planning to take in and adopt, you being pro-life and all?"
21,"Conservative judges force women to have babies because they are “pro-life,” while their conservative “pro-life” lawmakers block bills to help solve the baby formula shortage so babies can eat. Okay. Makes sense. 

Life stops at birth, I guess."
22,"Dear Twitter - this was in response to Joe Manchin. Yes, they do. https://t.co/EcKyEtRhw4"
23,Even after college Brett Kavanaugh is still forcing women to do something they don’t want to do.
24,"Dear Women Lawmakers pissed at a bunch of old men deciding what you can do: Make male masturbation &amp; oral sex illegal, too.  One can argue real life begins at sperm reproduction/creation. 

If they can control your intimate parts, they should be okay with you controlling theirs."
25,"Republicans used “My body, my choice!” To justify not wearing masks or getting vaccinated. 

Hypocrites much?"
26,RT @AOC: I will explain this to you slowly: exercising our right to protest is not obstruction of Congress nor an attempt to overturn democ…
27,"RT @RepAdamSchiff: Six unelected individuals just denied women all over America the right to make their own health care decisions.

They di…"
28,"RT @LakotaMan1: Setup abortion clinics on Indian reservations. Whereas, sovereign nations, Supreme Court decisions, like overturning Roe V…"
29,RT @shannonrwatts: The same SCOTUS that said yesterday that states don’t have the ability to regulate guns today gave states the power to r…
30,"Hey @Sen_JoeManchin — you’re personally responsible for this mess at SCOTUS and I hope the people vote your ass out.

- Sincerely a pissed off American"
31,Amy Coney Barrett had NO history of trying a case before a court of law EVER…but SHE gets to decide everyone’s abortion rights? That’s some BS.
32,James Comey is the reason the country has been taken over by far-right extremists.
33,"Term limits for SCOTUS justices. 

Only a monarch rules for life, and we said no to that in 1776."
34,When did TX get a third Senator? She can’t even get her facts straight. Graham ain’t one of ours. She doesn’t even know her own colleagues. https://t.co/t25O6E4mKh
35,"So the trained ‘good guys’ with the guns didn’t try and stop the untrained ‘bad guy’ with a  gun? 

Shocker."
36,"Republicans always tell liberals they have a right to go “f*ck yourself” but when a liberal decides to do just that, but with an individual of the same sex, it’s suddenly not their right anymore and ‘wrong’.

I don’t get it."
37,Republicans are complaining about high gas prices while defending Big Oil companies causing the high gas prices.
38,If Hopper from #ABugsLife was a Republican... https://t.co/2Ve4T3xwq5
39,"Pete Arredondo needs to be a man, own up to his fault in the #Uvalde massacre, and resign. #ResignArredondo"
40,"Didn't you just send out a campaign blast asking us working people for more money? 

Why don't you be selfless and just use your own $175K salary? https://t.co/fipCPbBtne"
41,Jim Jordan has shown more concern for how 'woke' the Buzz Lightyear film is than the OSU athletes being sexual assaulted on his own watch.
42,"I saw A Bugs Life today on Disney+ and realized the character, Hopper, pretty much embodies the Republican Party; tyrannical, oppressive, does whatever he can to hold on to power, including threats of death. #HopperistheGOP"
43,"Republicans don’t like foreigners coming over, unless they are white skinned, billionaires, called Elon Musk."
44,"Texas GOP: We declare Joe Biden the “illegitimate” POTUS and want to leave the USA!

Also Texas GOP before a hurricane’s landfall: Joe Biden, please issue a disaster declaration to release federal funding to help us, we’re poor."
45,Donald Trump is the Jefferson Davis the South had hoped for.
46,"Texans deserve to know the truth about the #UvaldeCoverUp. Abbott and his cronies don’t want the voting people of Texas to know what went down at #Uvalde as he knows it could lead to voters remedying the issue by voting incompetent lawmakers, like him, out of office."
47,"This is why teen males continue to lead in successful suicide rates — but Nick don’t know that because unlike Nick I actually work with youths who have attempted to end their life because they feel they don’t fit into ignorant people’s, like Nick, Cooke-cutter mold. https://t.co/w1C20RoGzb"
48,"Texas wants to secede from the Union but can’t even keep the lights on.

Like that song in Hamilton, they’ll be back."
49,The same people telling us to let go of the past are the same ones still flying icons of the Confederate States of America which was defeated and collapsed in 1865.
50,@laurenboebert Your children's father exposed his penis to underage girls -- I don't think that's fundamental to the family and society as a whole.
51,"MAGA Trumper: Today is Father’s Day, not Juneteenth. Go celebrate that left-wing, monkey holiday somewhere else.

Me: You mean like Columbus Day? Cause that MOFo didn’t even land on the right continent."
52,"How many Black and Brown folk have been elected to the Republican Party on Capitol Hill compared to the Democratic Party?

I’ll wait…"
53,Ladies -- Would you forgive your husband if you knew he exposed his penis to underage girls at bowling alley and pleaded guilty to public indecency? Because Lauren Boebert sure as hell did.
54,"The TEXAS GOP called homosexuality an 'abnormal' lifestyle. 

That's rich, considering it comes from the party of old men known for having extramarital affairs. 

Guess nothing 'abnormal' about breaking the vows of marriage to hit up another man's wife."
55,"“Texas’ future is bright,” says Greg Abbott.

“Please turn off your lights and conserve energy to avoid rolling outages,” says ERCOT."
56,"Uvalde, TX has hired a private law firm to argue that it doesn't have to release public records related to the mass shooting at Robb Elementary citing the documents could be “highly embarrassing,” and are “not of legitimate concern to the public."""
57,GREAT MAGA KING status sounds eerily similar to GRAND DRAGON status. MAGA is the new KKK. https://t.co/uuJymDw31O
58,".@GregAbbott_TX  literally came out onto Twitter and said ""Texas' future is bright.""

Bro, you can't even keep the lights on."
59,"That's like me saying: ""Dear Lauren, you will never be man enough to be a man --- so go back to the Kitchen, make your husband a sandwich, and stop trying to interfere with the Business of Men."" 

See how ignorant that sounds? https://t.co/cxbPbzRGh8"
60,"@Bill_Crowder_ That does not justify breaking a federal statute. She won, okay, I’m not questioning that, like others in other parties might do, I’m questioning her competency to manage government affairs and not just ride in on the coattails of Donald Trump."
61,"Mayra Flores couldn’t even file her financial disclosure report on time (300+ days late) or get an extension, I have zero confidence in her ability to bring real solutions to the table or reach across the aisle. 

Just another MTG."
62,"So the GOP nominee who was late in filing her federal financial disclosure report by over 365+ days wins the congressional seat in Texas? 

Disgraceful. The House Ethics Committee should look into why her filing was late and the statute broken for so long."
63,You saw them white boys arrested for conspiring to riot? There a crisis in America. https://t.co/9T9PTGs7HD
64,"Hey Jim, I’ll give $10 for the sh!t that comes out of your mouth. I need to fertilize my garden. https://t.co/c6r06NFyiD"
65,"Republicans complaining about high gas prices have not introduced one single bill that could be a solution to provide relief the American people. 

Guess it will be announced with DTs alternative health plan."
66,Proud Sons of the Confederacy… 🤦🏻‍♂️ https://t.co/bWne72cDHi
67,And not one of them stormed the U.S. Capitol or called for the VP to be executed..but yet the GOP call us “radical and extreme” https://t.co/e87XOOZjHu
68,"Republicans are complaining about high gas prices when they forget we minimum wage employees have been dealing with growing costs since 2009. 

Join the club."
69,"I wonder who leads the Pardon Caucus on Capitol Hill. 

Hey @HouseGOP any idea?"
70,"Abraham Lincoln fought to keep the Rebel Army from entering Washington DC and overthrowing the legitimate government.

Donald Trump invited their descendants in to finish the job. https://t.co/ZCLSCkqAU0"
71,Wow… Republicans are really working overtime today. 🍿
72,This. https://t.co/RE6r7H9m2y
73,"We didn't ban planes after 9/11, that's correct GOP. We made it harder to get on one. We put regulations in place and have people undergo screening and background checks -- ever seen the SSSS on a boarding pass? Background check. Now, respectfully...STFU."
74,@laurenboebert Colorado is so devoid of politically ambitious candidates for Congress that they had to dig one up with a GED from a trashy saloon that is a bar?  🍻
75,"RT @RyanTrevinoUS: Ted Cruz abandoned his own dog when the power went out, you really think he's not going to do the same to your children…"
76,RT @NoLieWithBTC: NEW: Unearthed footage shows Marjorie Taylor Greene’s newly-hired 37-year-old intern saying that his desire to allow grow…
77,@GovRonDeSantis World class infrastructure? Didn’t a bridge collapse?
78,@Jim_Jordan You saw the high gas prices just fine but not the sexual assaults happening in front of you?
79,"@laurenboebert Your husband exposed his penis to underage girls. Sounds like you and He need to go to church, first."
80,"Kyle Rittenhouse said “I didn’t have the time other students get to properly prepare for the future”

Bro, you had 3 yrs before SR yr to prepare, and all of JR yr. Your SR yr, instead of “preparing” you chose to vol. go across state lines &amp; put yourself in a situation. GTFO."
81,"@SamforOhio ""Constitutionalist who believes in the rule of law as it is written"" -- he'd know then that everything in the constitution is amendable because the 2A is, in fact, an amendment. Poor soul."
82,"“An AR-15 is needed to kill wild pigs and raccoons…”

The Founders did just fine with a musket, bow and arrow. Spare me the bullshit."
83,"If Apple made an emoji of a woman clutching her pearls in “concern”, I’d call it the Susan Collins Emoji."
84,The Republican Party that prides itself on “limited government” sure is wanting to govern everything.
85,"If we put “productivity” requirements on Congress, like every other American paying job out there — we’d clean house big time."
86,"Average Americans are volunteering long hours to help provide relief to #Uvalde victims’ families — such as free funeral services, working their Whataburger shifts for them, organizing meals and fundraisers — I have not seen one GOP lawmaker donate something other than prayers."
87,"Thank you, Trey Ganem, for taking on the heavy responsibility of providing funeral services to the #Uvalde victims’ families. Trey is doing this free of charge and has been working around the clock with volunteers across the state and country to ensure all are taken care of. 🕊 https://t.co/Nu4uqJgGkT"
88,"A GOP told me churches should not be taxed as they are not political. 

They also said their Minister told the congregation that DEMs were politicizing the Uvalde shooting and that they should not be drawn into politics but vote GOP.

My response: saying that was not political?"
89,Beto O’Rourke will be the next Governor of Texas. He has to be. Lives literally depend on it. #BetoForTexas
90,"@SenTedCruz Unspeakable, but in this country, repeatable."
91,We went from the brilliant minds of our Founding Fathers to “peach tree” Marjorie Taylor Greene in less than 300 years. This is why we need to invest more in public education.
92,"This Memorial Day, Uvalde families are planning funerals while lawmakers BBQ outdoors with loved ones and spend time enjoying vacation, together. Only in America."
93,"Jeff Jenkins (@jeffjenkins312), his family (@JulieGJenkins, @MaxwellJenkins8, Sam) &amp; circus troupe have worked harder to improve the lives of those communities in &amp; around Chicago than the lawmakers elected to them. They have a right to be pissed at lack of IL. leadership."
94,"@laurenboebert @SpeakerPelosi It’s Memorial Day, please remember not to expose your penis to underage girls like Lauren’s husband. It should be common sense, but obviously not."
95,"I’m not even 30 yet, and I’ve already witnessed 18 school shootings, with the top 3 deadliest in that number.

You know what that means? Half of my life has been filled with a major school shooting every year."
96,"Madison knows he can't use his 'special privileges' as a Congressman anymore to bring a firearm into the airport. As the kids say, bye Felicia. https://t.co/yzGiODYgEy"
97,"@MaxwellJenkins8 @DickDurbin It could be worse, Max. You could have @SenTedCruz as a US senator, as I do, here in TX. 🤦🏼‍♂️"
98,"@JensenKneeland @Chicks126 Yes, it is true!"
99,"Greg Abbott called THREE special sessions to attack Transgender youths.

Now, when youths actually get attacked and murdered in his state, nothing."
