Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"@MayoIsSpicyy Good, how does he think the American people felt when he orchestrated it all!"
1,"@Eclipse_binary Ed,
I am not running this time. With all the discourse with the maps, and having to start petitioning again. It was too much uncertainty for me. I would like to build a base over the next 2 years and try again. Thank you, Shelley Skellington"
2,"@MayoIsSpicyy He won't be able to get his orange dye for his skin or hair in the clink! Although, an orange jump suit is calling his name, Cheetoh!"
3,"Oswego County in the Syracuse Newspaper about the rural American crisis, children suffer the most. 
How many kids die at the hands of DSS? Now they say they have caseworker not experienced to go out on their own! There is so much to say about this. Give me some feedback."
4,@MayoIsSpicyy Spinach.
5,@chipfranklin Yes.
6,"@VABVOX This is an area that needs to be addressed for sure. You can get Narcan at anytime, but insulin is so costly and difficult to get when you run out sooner."
7,"Well, where will we end up when the NYS Congressional maps are complete? They have assigned some true professionals this time."
8,@RetiredPatriot1 What's not true?
9,"@RetiredPatriot1 @Redistrict Without support from the Democrats, it was difficult. I am still working full time."
10,"@Redistrict I think it is a mess and has been. I have been trying to run in District 24, while my own party wanted a male candidate, so they had a place holder and gave signatures to a candidate out of District 22."
11,@KAZahler I also question the place holder  process for District 24.
12,@VanEtten_Teresa I am not a place holder. The place holder was out of Erie County. I.was out getting signatures door to door to get on the ballot.
13,"Bait and switch the Board Of Elections said from Albany, a place holder but it is legal. Is it? I will ask the Judge. Do you think the Democrats carrying the place holder petitions told constituents what they were signing?"
14,"Interesting about the maps for Congressional Districts here in New York State being thrown out.
I think the Judge handling the maps  should know about the place holder petitions the Democrats put around in District 24 to hold a spot for their perfect candidate."
15,"@MayoIsSpicyy This is why I decided to run for Congress. Unfortunately the Democrats want their perfect candidate, which is a man to them
 What happened to sisterhood?"
16,"@stacynyva @WilFiacco Steve Holden was sought out of Dustrict 22, because Oswego County wanted a male candidate. They have him signatures from a place holder."
17,"Who has heard of a placeholder here in the political world? When the New York State Board of Elections has not heard of this, is it legal?"
18,@davidhogg111 @elonmusk Let's hope not!
19,@stacynyva Chris Jacobs.
20,"Well they had all the committees across District 24 carry petitions for a place holder. Once they found their perfect candidate they gave him the signatures. So, it is how they want to do things. They could have carried my petition, but with Oswego County bad mouthing me."
21,"@KAZahler They made an elevator speech why I shouldn't run, and one was because I don't have any money, and they said I had no structure. That would come from your committees helping a candidate. Not these people!"
22,"@KAZahler I was told by Oswego County Democrats, not to run. Once I decided to run, they bad mouthed me across the District, and not one committee would help me.."
23,"Let's bring down the house of Representatives, and put in a woman, where the odds are against her. Shelley Skellington for Congress on the Independent party, Northern New York United. Bring the parties together and get something accomplished for the constituents that vote."
24,"@KAZahler @OnondagaDems He is not the only one
 the Democrats fight amongst their own party."
25,"@KAZahler Hello Kathy,
My name is Shelley Skellington, and I announced to run for Congress in District 24 back in February. I have a story to tell how the Democrats in my own County have treated me.
When I announced I wanted to run, because the seat was empty. (315)466-6462."
26,"In order to run on the Independent line for Congress, I need 3,500 signatures. I would like to run on this line with hopes of bringing the parties together."
27,Check out j's video! #TikTok https://t.co/SBnzc1uycA
28,Lacona’s Shelley Skellington running for Congress https://t.co/LyfTYaf59C via @wdtnews
29,Shelley Skellington for Congress New York State District 24. https://t.co/mJPW75aZE0
30,"Out getting signatures, Shelley Skellington Congress District 24. https://t.co/6gyJ6BXFAL"
