Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Arnold Schwarzenegger YouTube message to Russian citizens and Putin. Excellent.
1,Following Canadian Govt’s religious persecution of Pastor’s James Coates &amp; Tim Stephens camouflaged as safety from COVID-19. Their arrests and Canadian government infringement rights to freely practice  religious convictions is the first step towards communism. Worrisome.
2,I 100% back any law that prevents/forbids Congress (House &amp; Senate) as well as the judiciary from trading stocks while they are holding office or employed in any capacity by the US Government.
3,The Right to life. Pro Lifer’s protecting the unborn voiceless and their right to life. Standing with you today and every day.
4,"Jan 13 Democratic Congress combined John Lewis Voting Rights Act &amp; Freedom to Vote Act into a single text - a deceptive name for radical legislation to federalize American elections, remove constitutional authority from state legislatures, and eliminate voter ID protections."
5,Very Happy to say we attended the Army Navy Game in Rutherford. Even happier my service won. Next year is only 364 days away and already worried about Army winning.
6,December 1 1941 The USA was thrown into WW2 when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. December 16 1944 Germany launched its last major offensive operation at the Battle of the Bulge. In 3 years The USA turned the tide fighting a two front-war with our allies &amp; friends.
7,First Afghans arriving at Joint Base McGuire Fort Dix today. Worried about two of the Afghan Army Officers I served with in Kabul. Still have not found them. Hoping them and their families have made it out. What a disaster this President has created.
8,The unfolding disaster in Afghanistan could have and should have been avoided. There is a difference between ending a 20 year forever war and abandoning your friends and allies. “The buck stops here” means assuming responsibility for your decisions and actions.
9,"The murder of Mr. George Floyd needs to be elevated to change policing practices through-out our country, but not defund or do-away with the police, policing, or ensuring law &amp; order is maintained. There is cultural bias – let’s fix this, not criminalize the police officers."
10,@tjbrew06 @KimStrassel Yup. Agreed.
11,@LisaLitalien @SheriffBianco @Starbucks Thanks Lisa L'Italien. Those starbucks employees denying service to these deputies are shameful people.
12,"This morning I proudly signed Richard Dreyfus' civic initiative preamble on his webiste, https://t.co/JZpSsxdrB6  - keep up the good work Mr. Dreyfus."
13,"@RockChickX51 @scissorhands11 @nytimes LeeshaL, sounds like you are well grounded from that tweet. Bravo Zulu to you for taking care of your young brother. Continue staying positive and focused in your life. Your day will come. All the Best to you."
14,"@lisaabramowicz1   Lisa, your guest said child care was based on a trifecta.  The other issue is also  less and less grand parents are no longer helping care ffor grand children.  Many of my acquaintances fm C. Asia and Latin Amer. countries have parents helping living w/them to."
15,"SEN Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) urges end to ban on US oil exports http://t.co/8JUXMGTVKE
My first thought: how much $$ did she take from oil ind?"
