Unnamed: 0,Text
0,"Your nugget of wisdom from Hankie today😁!
#hankthecowdog
#ranchwisdom https://t.co/opQZ9EVU2t"
1,"Don’t be afraid of pressure, lean into it…remember, without pressure there’d be no diamonds.  Life is hard, we have the pressures of work deadlines, raising kids, peer pressure, and the political pressure to go along to get along…but stand strong and firm…become a diamond!"
2,"It took longer than 38 years (49), but today we celebrate the end of our nation’s wandering in the wilderness."
3,"You can’t keep giving everyone government handouts and not expect them to then want more and more…we are conditioning people to expect and want exactly that, bigger government, which means, less freedom."
4,"Being a fiscal conservative isn’t just not spending more than you HAVE, it’s not spending more than you SHOULD.  It means spending based on limited-government PRINCIPLES vs what RINOs and liberals believe, which is simply, do we have the money (or can we get it) and is it “good.”"
5,"@dawson_maska I love small businesses, but I DO have an issue with Elevate RC/Chamber…they care more about pushing “wokeness” and getting more gov’t handouts for BIG businesses than helping small businesses.  I’m proud to be with all the other conservatives at the bottom of their scorecard!"
6,"@dawson_maska Maybe do your research before you tweet nonsense? My opponent compared bills I had signed into law just the last 3 years with all his bills he’s passed out of committee, the chamber, etc. Never an apples to apples comparison, but what do you expect from a RINO career politician?"
7,"The campaign would not have lasted a day without this guy and I can’t thank him enough for all he did…we celebrated our 33rd anniversary at a meet and greet and he never complained:-).
#blessed
#besthusbandever https://t.co/MXCQciCO8S"
8,SD has been swimming in revenue every year I’ve been there on Appropriations…but we have too many RINOs who claim to be conservative keep getting elected.  SD could pretty much reduce every tax/fee we have and still be fine.  Do we truly believe in limited gov’t anymore?! https://t.co/KI9HjmCgiu
9,"Banning guns will never change the hearts of evil men.  Only Christ can do that…so maybe instead of talking about doing something that’s clearly unconstitutional and won’t help anyways, we talk about the bigger issue…the fact we need to bring God back into our lives…"
10,"Love where I live:-)!
#SD
#blessed
#SDFirst https://t.co/X6Yu23CUFk"
11,"“Nobody has ever complied their way out of totalitarianism.”  RFK, Jr."
12,"We may be down, but we are not out. Taking a break and enjoying one of my happy places today:-)!
#stayinthefight
#fightforAmerica
#takebackourcountry https://t.co/x8tiwzo6Ha"
13,This is your final chance to send strong Conservative Representation to Congress. Get to the polls!
14,Just posted a photo https://t.co/DaixzjoQPf
15,"The polls are still open, if you are a registered Republican make sure to head to the polls."
16,"The primary election is today. Polls open 7:00am - 7:00pm. If you have not already, make a plan to vote, and I ask for your support.  Please vote Taffy Howard for Congress…THE conservative Republican in the race."
17,Just posted a photo https://t.co/bIX7sVO7IT
18,"Tomorrow South Dakotans have a decision to make. Do you want more of the DC swamp, or a conservative fighter who cannot be swayed."
19,I am proud to say I have received an endorsement from fellow State Representative Kevin Jensen. Thank you for your support Kevin! https://t.co/c1BcqLvlWl
20,"Joe Biden has been protected by firearms his whole life, now he wants to take away your right to defend yourself. I will not let that happen when I am in congress. While my opponent has voted FOR red flag gun confiscation orders, I have and will vote AGAINST red flag gun laws."
21,"My sister, Candy, has been door knocking all day today and I was able to join her in the afternoon:-).
#TaffyHowardforCongress
#votetaffy https://t.co/JTPqYmm2dX"
22,"In the last few years we have seen military veterans taking charge in Congress to help save our country, I am asking for your support to be one of them. Send a veteran to Congress on June 7th."
23,"We are losing our country, and it’s time to restore SD values to DC.  Some of the critical issues we MUST face: Election Integrity, Fiscal Responsibility, and Border Security."
24,"All liberty-minded candidates and all our supporters are welcome to join us to celebrate conservative victories on Election Day.
#TaffyHowardforCongress
#AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https://t.co/eqc8FM7qnN"
25,Start planning your trip to the polls on June 7th. South Dakotans have the opportunity to help restore fiscal responsibility to Washington DC.
26,I have never wavered in my support for the 2nd Amendment.
27,"June 7th is almost here. There is only one Congressional candidate in this race that has "" ""Election Integrity"" as part of their campaign platform. #votetaffy"
28,The movement President Trump started was not a fluke. He activated the conservative grassroots for the first time in decades. It is time to send a message on the June 7th primary.
29,We are officially 5 days out from the primary election. It is time to continue what President Trump started by putting America First representation in Washington DC.
30,America First is the way of the future. Continuing the same old political game in Washington DC will only last so much longer. Vote Taffy on June 7th.
31,The current administration in Washington DC has failed the American people. We need to fix it in 2022 by electing true conservatives to the halls of Congress. Vote Taffy Howard on June 7th.
32,"My thoughts exactly😁…picture from a fired-up supporter😍!
#taffyhowardforcongress
#draintheswamp https://t.co/LGLrAeRAhK"
33,"Your choice on June 7th is simple. A lifelong politician, or a fighter for the conservative cause. Vote Taffy on June 7th."
34,"We need more law-abiding gun owners in America, not less."
35,"I have been a servant leader my entire life. As a business owner, a mother, and as a veteran. I ask for your support on June 7th to be your leader in Congress that stands for true conservative values."
36,The Conservative grassroots is awake. The establishment doesn't want to admit it. It is time we take back our country from the bottom up.
37,Just posted a photo https://t.co/FC4As0eHkB
38,"Words are never enough to honor the sacrifices made by those who gave all, but may we always strive to live our lives in a way that honors that sacrifice.
#honortheirsacrifice
#lastfullmeasure https://t.co/U6YSKwKMmG"
39,Our country was founded on strong moral and ethical principles. We have lost that in Washington DC. Help us return those values to Congress on June 7th.
40,President Trump showed us how deep the swamp goes. Help us drain it on June 7th.
41,Americanism first and foremost.
42,Just posted a photo https://t.co/NAZ2FpORpP
43,I am unapologetically pro-life.
44,We don't make our country safer by taking away firearms from law-abiding gun owners.
45,"2000 mules has aired in hundreds of movie theaters across this country, including in South Dakota. South Dakotans have questions about the 2020 election. It's time we have Washington DC representation in Congress that agrees."
46,Remember to Vote America First on June 7th.
47,"In 10 days South Dakotans have a decision to make. Do we want ""More of the Same"" in Washington DC, or do we want America First?"
48,There are 10 days until the primary election. Mark your calendars and make sure to get to the polls!
49,Just posted a photo https://t.co/PEZlWkjodJ
50,"Mark your calendars and I hope to see you there:-)!
#TaffyHowardforCongress
#2000Mules https://t.co/mVCewYCNYr"
51,"Every day our country gets poorer and poorer, yet every day Congress sends more taxpayer money overseas. My primary opponent included. It is time we stop putting America Last."
52,During the 2020 election there were hundreds of thousands of ballots with zero certification as to where they came from. Yet my opponent thinks the 2020 election was totally safe and secure. Does that sound safe and secure?
53,The left believes globalism is the future and is out to destroy the America we love…vote Taffy Howard June 7th to put America FIRST!
54,"Our southern border has been wide open for too long. If we keep this up, soon we won't have a nation."
55,We lose this country when we lose the family. We need family values in Washington DC again.
56,Our prayers are with the families devastated by the shooting in Uvalde today.
57,It is time to take our country back on June 7th and on November 8th.
58,"We have some motivated and fired up supporters:-)!
#TaffyHowardforCongress
#voteTaffy https://t.co/wWkrwWyLtv"
59,South Dakota still values tradition. South Dakota still values freedom. South Dakota still values life. Remember to vote Taffy Howard in the June 7th primary.
60,Keep South Dakota Great!
61,America will never be a socialist country.
62,"Our country was founded on the ideas of freedom, liberty, and individual rights. Not socialism, collectivism, and communism."
63,"Definitely a day we should all celebrate😁!
#NationalTaffyDay
#TaffyforCongress
#voteTaffy https://t.co/xVUohLmzcu"
64,"South Dakotans deserve better…I ask for your vote on June 7th.
#TaffyHowardforCongress
#VoteTaffyHoward https://t.co/bcImaOZcjP"
65,Today is the last day to register to vote before the primary. Don't forget to register!
66,In the last two years we have seen a surge of moms stepping up to lead their communities and country. I am one of them.
67,"If you are a registered Republican, remember to vote in the June 7th primary."
68,"""America First"" doesn't mean everyone else last. It simply means you prioritize the needs of your citizens before all others. That is how a competent country should be run, yet so many patriots are shunned for saying it."
69,"I am tired of ""go along to get along” politics…it’s destroying our nation."
70,South Dakotans value the 2nd Amendment. We know we can't always rely on someone else to care for us when something goes wrong. We take our right to bear arms very seriously.
71,Our Constitution is the closest thing to a perfect document man has ever created.  We should be proud to pass our nation's heritage on to the next generation.
72,"While gas prices rise every day, our President is shutting down American oil production. This is a perfect example of America last. This administration, and those who aid and abet it, is trying to take our country down from the inside."
73,June 7th is right around the corner. We have the opportunity to show the DC elite what the people in South Dakota truly stand for.
74,"The winners of our beef giveaway…Herb and Kathy Schaunaman!  Thank you again to Tim and Marcia Amdahl of Amdahl Angus and Hereford!
#AmdahlAngusandHereford
#SouthDakotaBeefisBest
#TaffyHowardforCongress https://t.co/QeiCOPqYZt"
75,"I have spent the previous months campaigning across South Dakota. Everyone I meet is saying the same thing, it is time we put America First candidates in Congress that will fight for our country. I intend to do just that."
76,"South Dakota is good, the United States is good, and our way of life is good. I want to make sure those things stay the same when elected to congress."
77,"Like I said last week, I have respect for my primary opponent. However, we disagree in worldview. We live in a post-Trump world where Conservatives are active and engaged. We will not take the same tagline responses from DC any longer. It is time to take our country back."
78,"If you have not done so, please share any of my previous posts with your friends. The only way to take this country back is to spread our ideas in any way we can. Vote America First on June 7th."
79,"After the 2020 election, the powers at be tried to pretend President Trump and his followers never existed. Unfortunately for them, we are still here and more fired up than ever."
80,"If you haven’t seen it yet, everyone should watch 2000 Mules."
81,"After the 2020 election, my primary opponent said.  “’You say there’s widespread fraud — why don’t any of these Trump-appointed people agree with you?"". I think he may have forgotten that South Dakotans still support President Trump, even if he does not."
82,We have let our freedoms slip for too long in this country. When elected to Congress I will fight to give those freedoms back.
83,"@CavemanWaste It seems your education didn’t quite prepare you for the real world. In the interest of furthering your education, here is the meaning of the words nuclear family: a couple and their dependent children, regarded as a basic social unit."
84,"I believe in God, the nuclear family, and the constitution. We need more of that in this country.
#FaithFamilyFreedom
#GodFamilyCountry
#TaffyHowardforCongress"
85,"After the 2020 election my primary opponent said "" I will push back on the idea that there has not been a full analysis of these election results,"". Look where we are now."
86,"Our founding fathers knew the dangers of too much power in the hands of too few. Even in Congress, we have representatives who have let too much power go to their heads. It is time we give them a wake-up call. Remember to vote June 7th. #votetaffy"
87,"The constitution shall never be constructed...to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens to keep and bare arms."" -Samuel Adams"
88,My primary opponent has spent his whole life working for the South Dakota and Washington DC machine. It is time we have real grassroots representation in Congress. #votetaffy
89,"My primary opponent openly supports Liz Cheney, the most liberal Republican in the US Congress. Remember to vote on June 7th. #votetaffy

https://t.co/KX8xFxeCtO"
90,"In South Dakota, we put America First and know that Christ is King."
91,Just posted a photo https://t.co/FrJVSRHhfT
92,"My opponent wants to “govern” you…I want us, together, to take back our country!
#AmericaFirst
#TakeBackAmerica
#TaffyHowardforCongress"
93,Parents should not be labeled domestic terrorists just for wanting to know what their kids are being taught.  Parents should be in control of their children’s education and government should support parental rights. https://t.co/3LZ4CBu1XR
94,EAFB Air Show…the sound of freedom!!! https://t.co/HtkPG6VvhF
95,We need America First representation in Congress.
96,"Join us tomorrow for a meet and greet in Spearfish…4-6pm…1933 Russell St.  Bring a lawn chair if you’d like…

https://t.co/1lLvG26RCE"
97,Our prayers go out to our fellow South Dakotans!
98,Our grandchildren will live in debt for their entire lives due to the out-of-control spending of our federal government. It must be stopped. I will do everything in my power while in congress to fight rampant spending.
99,Roe V. Wade was a terrible idea from the start. It is time this country starts valuing life again. Every life in the womb is sacred and must be protected.
