Unnamed: 0,Text
0,Proud to be endorsed by General Michael Flynn!
1,"Ghislaine Maxwell has been sentenced to twenty years in prison, which is not nearly enough and is outrageous.

Even worse, is that the perverts who engaged in encounters with underage girls have not been named and have yet to be punished.

That is completely unacceptable."
2,"The Left wakes up every single day hating me just because I’m Black and not a Democrat.

That’s sad."
3,RT @mattbuff_show: Meet @RepMontague  at the Independence Celebration with the Buff Show and Liam Fitzpatrick's. https://t.co/IlXeCVDiEH Ne…
4,RT @JosephDAmico13: @RepMontague Don’t forget to vote for Willie!!!! Mayra Flores unseated the democrats!! Please vote!!
5,This is what the Left feels about Black folks. https://t.co/xf2CQvBrcj
6,"The Left wants to abort babies in their third trimester up till birth. 

Regardless of where you fall on the issue, that is absolutely murder."
7,"How many Democrats condemned the violence perpetrated by the Left over the weekend? 

In California, fireworks were thrown at police to keep the peace… did you hear anything? From anyone?

I didn’t."
8,"@HillaryClinton Wrong, Hillary, considering abortions result in murder 100% of the time and legally purchased firearms rarely do according to statistics"
9,"Don't like your student debt? Don't take the loan.

Don't want to have ""unwanted"" babies? Don't have sex.

Stop being a victim of your own circumstances and start making better choices.

Good choice privilege is life changing."
10,"Democrats have a difficult time taking responsibility for their actions and they want the government to fix their poor choices.

The government shouldn't be responsible for providing you housing or income. Nor should it subsidize your lifestyle."
11,"RT @kimKBaltimore: On Friday, I was in Largo FL with @RepMontague speaking to residents &amp; other local candidates about the importance of ha…"
12,@MikeJaquish But you’re following me…🤔
13,"The Court returned the matter of abortion to the states, where it was for 200 years before Roe.

How quickly we forget that this nation was founded on federalism."
14,Most people who support abortion have never watched one being performed.
15,"Gun rights are American rights. 

We shouldn’t need a SCOTUS decision to reinforce what’s already in clear language in our Constitution."
16,"You're still free to ""choose"" to not be irresponsible."
17,"Democrats are big mad because they can't keep killing babies in the name of ""health"".

They haven't been this mad since Republicans abolished slavery."
18,@ReverendWarnock There can be no such thing as a “pro-choice pastor”.
19,"So the Left is going to go and burn down and destroy liberal cities in liberal states tonight.

In all those liberal states, abortion is still legal."
20,"Watch the RINOs carefully right now - they wanted to hide behind “Roe is settled law” forever and never give a true position on abortion.

Watch them. Watch them very, very closely."
21,"There is going to be more pressure now than ever on Republicans when it comes to #RoeVsWade.

The Left is going to try to codify abortion constitutionally.

Help me win this seat in Congress so that we can ensure that NEVER happens. 👇🏾👇🏾

https://t.co/FWSpJzg64x"
22,"The Post-Roe United States is one where murder isn't considered ""health care""."
23,@BarackObama You’re irrelevant!
24,"Defend your churches tonight.

Don't allow domestic terrorists to desecrate your places of worship."
25,@AmmonSteele2 The baby in the mother's body is not her body. Next…
26,"We can never undo the millions of abortions that took place in this nation, but going forward we can rejoice in knowing that Roe v Wade has been overturned.

God is smiling down on this nation today!"
27,"Hey @29_Aurora, I’d love for you to show me where you think I’ve joined the KKK.

What an unbelievable and inflammatory remark.

I’m a Fredrick Douglass Republican and I oppose racism in every form. https://t.co/Cxotbyy7iy"
28,"There are two types of Supreme Court Justices:

Ones who follow the Constitution.

Ones who follow Radical Left ideology.

Right now, we’re seeing the Constitutionalists take center stage."
29,"Ban Juul.

Hand out free crack pipes.

Where is the common sense?"
30,Here’s what @BurgessOwens had to say about his endorsement of our campaign: https://t.co/qaJKkFuL4J
31,"Honored to announce that @BurgessOwens has endorsed our campaign for Congress in #FL10.

I can’t wait to get to DC and fight for our liberties right alongside him!

Help support our campaign: 
https://t.co/4NaxHkk5O6

@RedRenaissance_ https://t.co/l5yzewz2Y2"
32,Happy Birthday to an American hero. https://t.co/KARVgrEfF5
33,"“Gun control” or “gun regulation” will do NOTHING. If your plan is to shoot a group of people, a law isn’t going to stop you."
34,"There’s an impending recession, and the Left is still advocating to raise YOUR taxes. 

Make that make sense."
35,"Why is the Attorney General in Ukraine? 

Asking for every sensible American who can ask the obvious questions."
36,A proxy war didn't work out for Jimmy Carter or the American people either.
37,11% is his real approval rating. https://t.co/lNKAoH4f2k
38,@msciarrino10 @AnthonySabatini @TPAction_ Please advise on the process for @TPAction_ endorsements.
39,"As summer heats up and we get ever closer to a landslide election, please make sure you're prepared for ""mostly peaceful"" protests.

Avoid them, be prepared to defend yourself when government fails you &amp; make sure you show the world that you won't be intimidated by Leftist thugs."
40,"These WOKE charities throughout the country, like the California animal shelter, won’t allow adoptions to people who don’t support gun control; must be dealt with. 

If you’re going to act political, you should lose your nonprofit status."
41,"American Airlines has to end service in three cities due to a shortage of pilots. 

Now I wonder what on earth could  have caused such a pilot shortage."
42,Elon Musk announcing his support of Ron DeSantis is proof that African American support of the GOP has never been so high.
43,I'm confused on how inflation is only at 8.5%. I've checked many food items I purchase as well as fuel and other things needed for my daily life and everything is 30-40% higher. Why are we not getting the real number?
44,"Jim Clyburn has basically admitted that we are in a recession.

His words are quite hollow considering it was his endorsement that won Biden South Carolina and therefore rescued his dead Presidential campaign.

Jim, you gave us this!"
45,This is the great hope of 2024? https://t.co/fg3WnJhrIZ
46,"If you're working right now, it's a recession.

If you're out of work right now, it's a depression.

When Joe Biden loses his job, it's a recovery."
47,There is NOTHING controversial about wanting to put your community and country first.
48,"The Russian Rouble is now the top performing currency this year and has reached a peak it hasn’t seen since 2015.

All our experts said the sanctions would cripple them.

We need new experts because ours usually say the opposite of what actually happens."
49,"We are about to become the first country on earth to give mRNA vaccines to its youngest children. 

The first.

Ask yourselves WHY no other country wants to do that to its children."
50,I'm sure the Biden team believes that giving everyone their own personal money tree would solve all problems.
51,"IT IS OFFICIAL!

I am on the ballot for the GOP nomination for US Congress in Florida’s 10th District.

In 2022 we have an INCREDIBLE chance to win this seat back from Democrat control.

Can I count on your support in this race?

Support us with $10 today: https://t.co/4NaxHkk5O6 https://t.co/zbasfscI7y"
52,Your daily reminder that Russia would have never invaded Ukraine if it wasn’t for Biden’s weakness in foreign policy.
53,"Fauci catching COVID was proof that with all of his illogical and tyrannical “medical recommendations,” you can still get sick."
54,"Los Angeles County will pay for the funeral of a gang member who died in a police shootout after killing two officers, according to a mandate issued by beleaguered District Attorney George Gascon.

Woke DAs are the root of our cultural and societal rot."
55,"Crime rates rising in Democrat run cities is the least surprising thing to happen during the Biden Administration.

""Progressive"" DAs, defunding the police, and anti-2A policies are making American cities some of the unsafest cities in the world."
56,"Floridians embrace freedom and liberty. 

Big-City Liberals embrace a system of tyranny control. 

Which would you prefer?"
57,"Joe Biden says not to worry about reckless spending because he's changing people's lives.

True, but for the worse, Joe.

Your policies are ruining lives daily."
58,"RT @TerryNamkung: Every time someone goes and puts gas in their car, a new Republican voter is born!"
59,"Biden promised to destroy the oil industry. 

That’s the only promise he’s kept.

Your wallet knows I’m right."
60,@bf30fe5f54a448b Thank you! 🇺🇸
61,"@suchapeach Thank you, every bit helps! 🔥🇺🇸"
62,"When will we hear the name of the perpetrator who leaked the Supreme Court Majority draft opinion?

If they were on the Right, we’d know the next day."
63,"Sadly, we have to go to court to decide if the unborn lives or dies."
64,@valdemings You’re a joke.
65,"Judicial intimidation is real. 

What’s happening at the homes of our Supreme Court Justices is nothing short of disgraceful."
66,"Victor Sanchez-Santa ignited a fire that burned an NYPD vehicle during the aftermath of the George Floyd riots.

Biden’s DOJ just decided that “deferring prosecution” would be in the best interests of the defendant and the United States.

They don't care about us one bit."
67,"I have 36 HOURS to raise the remaining $2,500 that I need to get on the ballot in FL’s 10th District.

The powers that be do NOT want me on the ballot because they KNOW I will flip this district.

I need your help NOW! Any amount gets me closer to VICTORY: https://t.co/FWSpJzg64x https://t.co/317EzxsXbl"
68,RT @RedRenaissance_: @ChrisPalombi @antoniopitocco1 @TWShannon @RepMontague @JaromeBellVA2 @BillyPrempeh @MrMayfieldUSA @CarlaSpaldingFL @j…
69,"Joe Biden YELLING at the AFL-CIO that’s he’s “changing people’s lives” is the most tone-deaf YET HONEST thing he’s said his entire presidency.

He's making people's lives WORSE THAN THEY'VE EVER BEEN AND DEFINITELY WORSE THAN THEY WERE UNDER TRUMP!"
70,"Did you see Republican Maya Flores’s major win in a district that went for Hillary Clinton by 33% in 2016?

Get ready for what’s coming in Florida’s 10th District in 2022.

Every single seat in this nation is up for grabs."
71,"The fact that 27 Democrats are perfectly fine with Supreme Court Justices having to fear for their lives is absolutely NOT okay with me.

My opponent, Maxwell Frost, would be another one of those 27 radicals… and even further to the Left."
72,"@drdavidsamadi How racist do you have to be to think Monkeypox is racist?

What are they trying to say?"
73,"In America, we are innocent until proven guilty.

That's why red flag laws will never work.

They have the power to remove the presumption of innocence and replace it with partisan politics."
74,"Lower taxes and embolden the American worker. 

Florida did it; now it’s time America joins us."
75,"American priorities aren’t taken into account anymore regarding foreign policy. 

I’ll change that."
76,"Democrats want to impose more regulation on Americans to control the sale of firearms.

They forget that Joe Biden's son lied on a federal background check and nothing happened to him.

If we already have laws that are broken and unenforced, clearly more won't solve the problem."
77,"Very honored that @Kathy4Truth will be joining us in Orlando on June 25th to discuss her Senate race and what REALLY went on in those last five days.

Come and join us!

Tickets available at https://t.co/hqEZsGjBxl. https://t.co/9xCNXAIaq0"
78,"Gas prices have reached THE HIGHEST POINT IN AMERICAN HISTORY today. 

The ONLY SANE way to lower gas prices is to INCREASE PRODUCTION - but Biden wants us powered by wind, sun and rainbows. 

He WANTS us to feel pain in our pockets."
79,"The authorities who called parents ""domestic terrorists"" will decide whose guns are taken under red flag laws.

What could possibly go wrong?"
80,“Bipartisan gun control framework” from the Senate just sounds like yet another gun grab from people who parade around with armed security.
81,@AnnaForFlorida @mfolflorida Nothing to fight. Shall NOT be infringed. #2a
82,"I’m running for Congress in Florida’s 10th District and it’s time show America that conservatives are fighting back against the liberal victimhood agenda.

If you want to support my campaign, chip in below! We need about $10k to get on the ballot! https://t.co/Vy8XFHZvde"
83,@Carolina4NV @AOC When you’ve lost AOC…
84,"Why are House Democrats STILL holding up a bill to give better security to our SCOTUS justices?

Are they waiting for someone to actually be killed before they act?"
85,"The poorest communities in America voted for Joe Biden.

He rewarded them with record breaking inflation and unaffordable gas prices.

Democrats do not care about you or me, they care about CONTROLLING YOU AND ME no matter who gets hurt.

Once you see that, it’s all clear."
86,Keep our children closer to God and away from drag shows.
87,"America First patriots will lead a new wave of conservative leadership in 2022. 

I’m proud to join them."
88,"@lavern_spicer My inbox is full of it, too. I doubt they’d be anywhere near as bold to my face or your face."
89,Why can’t Nancy Pelosi be questioned about January 6?
90,"WHILE Americans are paying $460 MORE EVERY MONTH under Bidenflation, Biden is blaming everything from Putin to the Easter Bunny.

This is nothing less than a war on the American family."
91,@JRMajewski They figured out yet another way to defund the police.
92,"As long as political bad actors like Hillary Clinton and Hunter Biden remain exempt from criminal prosecution, there is no DEMOCRACY."
93,"If the attacker were on the Right, we’d all know his name and attack his views."
94,Someone really wrote this unironically. https://t.co/WzFkM0E8s5
95,"Biden wants to “send (Republicans) to jail” because we “won’t follow any of the rules”.

We do follow the rules, Joe. 

It's called THE US CONSTITUTION and you should try following reading it sometime."
96,"Hey Liz! MOST of what was said to be untrue has since been found to be true, but why pay attention to the truth, right? You've got an agenda to sell, anyway! #January6thCommitteeHearings"
97,"Not even one minute into the #January6thCommitteeHearings and they've already compared January 6th to lynching.

What a ridiculous and insulting comparison."
98,"The average rent is $2000 and you need to to make 3x the rent monthly to qualify, which is $6000.

That would mean $72,000
annual salary. 

Average annual salary is $51,000.

We’re not even discussing home ownership… in this economy people can hardly rent. #GreatReset"
99,@theMarkOtten Engage! The Frederick Douglass message is the way! 🇺🇸
